the drug are a rapidly growing class of drug with a broad spectrum of activity against gram-negative and some gram-positive aerobic bacteria.
these agents, including drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including other drug, drug, drug, other drug, and other drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including other drug, drug, other drug, drug, and other drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including other drug, other drug, drug, drug, and other drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
these agents, including other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and drug, have been extensively studied and have demonstrated efficacy and safety profiles comparable to those of other traditional agents for the treatment of complicated or uncomplicated urinary tract infections and prostatitis.
advantages offered by this class of drug include optimal pharmacokinetics, effectiveness against multidrug-resistant organisms, and oral administration even when parenteral drug are generally used.
in order to provide information for the appropriate package insert labeling of drug (drug) in the us, a comprehensive review was made of other drug (0.075 mg) and other drug (0.35 mg), with the clinical differences indicated where applicable.
in order to provide information for the appropriate package insert labeling of drug (other drug) in the us, a comprehensive review was made of drug (0.075 mg) and other drug (0.35 mg), with the clinical differences indicated where applicable.
in order to provide information for the appropriate package insert labeling of drug (other drug) in the us, a comprehensive review was made of other drug (0.075 mg) and drug (0.35 mg), with the clinical differences indicated where applicable.
in order to provide information for the appropriate package insert labeling of other drug (drug) in the us, a comprehensive review was made of drug (0.075 mg) and other drug (0.35 mg), with the clinical differences indicated where applicable.
in order to provide information for the appropriate package insert labeling of other drug (drug) in the us, a comprehensive review was made of other drug (0.075 mg) and drug (0.35 mg), with the clinical differences indicated where applicable.
in order to provide information for the appropriate package insert labeling of other drug (other drug) in the us, a comprehensive review was made of drug (0.075 mg) and drug (0.35 mg), with the clinical differences indicated where applicable.
antimicrobial activity of drug alone and in combination with some drug.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of drug with four kinds of drug (other drug, other drug, other drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of drug with four kinds of other drug (drug, other drug, other drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of drug with four kinds of other drug (other drug, drug, other drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of drug with four kinds of other drug (other drug, other drug, drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of drug with four kinds of other drug (other drug, other drug, other drug and drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of drug (drug, other drug, other drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of drug (other drug, drug, other drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of drug (other drug, other drug, drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of drug (other drug, other drug, other drug and drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of other drug (drug, drug, other drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of other drug (drug, other drug, drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of other drug (drug, other drug, other drug and drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of other drug (other drug, drug, drug and other drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of other drug (other drug, drug, other drug and drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
to investigate the effects of antimicrobial combinations of other drug with four kinds of other drug (other drug, other drug, drug and drug), the fractional inhibitory concentration index (fici) was determined by checkerboard assay for each strain.
the antimicrobial combinations of drug with four drug resulted in additive effect in most instances, synergism in two instances, and antagonism in two instances.
synergism was observed when drug was combined with drug against bacillus subtilis and klebsiella oxytoca.
on the basis of the estimated number of regular users of intravenous drug in ontario, the mortality rate in such users is at least four times as high as in the general population of the same age, and is comparable to that in alcoholics and drug addicts.
however, the absolute number of drug-related deaths is far greater than the number of deaths in drug or other drug users.
however, the absolute number of drug-related deaths is far greater than the number of deaths in other drug or drug users.
however, the absolute number of other drug-related deaths is far greater than the number of deaths in drug or drug users.
differential regulation of tyrosine phosphorylation in tumor cells by drug, a homodimeric disintegrin, and monomeric disintegrins drug and other drug.
differential regulation of tyrosine phosphorylation in tumor cells by drug, a homodimeric disintegrin, and monomeric disintegrins other drug and drug.
differential regulation of tyrosine phosphorylation in tumor cells by other drug, a homodimeric disintegrin, and monomeric disintegrins drug and drug.
the homodimeric disintegrin drug was compared directly to the monomeric disintegrins drug and other drug for the ability to affect protein tyrosine phosphorylation in tumor cells.
the homodimeric disintegrin drug was compared directly to the monomeric disintegrins other drug and drug for the ability to affect protein tyrosine phosphorylation in tumor cells.
the homodimeric disintegrin other drug was compared directly to the monomeric disintegrins drug and drug for the ability to affect protein tyrosine phosphorylation in tumor cells.
drug alone had no effect on tyrosine phosphorylation in t24 cells, but dose-dependently inhibits the effects of drug when both are added simultaneously.
drug alone was found to have no effect on cas, but can completely block drug-induced phosphorylation of this protein in mda-mb-435 cells.
drug, at ph 7.0, was used to chemically modify exposed histidine residues on drug.
modification of drug with drug abolished both its cytotoxic activity and the ability of the toxin to bind zn-sepharose gel.
treatment of drug with [(14)c]-drug revealed concentration dependent labelling of histidine residues on the toxin molecules.
the effects of drug could be reversed by drug treatment.
exposed histidines on drug are available for drug chelation, and these have been exploited in the development of a novel purification protocol for drug using drug-chelating chromatography.
exposed histidines on drug are available for other drug chelation, and these have been exploited in the development of a novel purification protocol for drug using other drug-chelating chromatography.
exposed histidines on drug are available for other drug chelation, and these have been exploited in the development of a novel purification protocol for drug using other drug-chelating chromatography.
exposed histidines on other drug are available for drug chelation, and these have been exploited in the development of a novel purification protocol for other drug using drug-chelating chromatography.
exposed histidines on other drug are available for drug chelation, and these have been exploited in the development of a novel purification protocol for other drug using drug-chelating chromatography.
exposed histidines on other drug are available for other drug chelation, and these have been exploited in the development of a novel purification protocol for other drug using other drug-chelating chromatography.
note: dissolution of aerosol particles of drug in drug, a model other drug.
note: dissolution of aerosol particles of drug in other drug, a model drug.
note: dissolution of aerosol particles of other drug in drug, a model drug.
the effect of a drug extract from bovine lung, drug, on the dissolution rate of aerosol particles of other drug was determined.
the effect of a drug extract from bovine lung, other drug, on the dissolution rate of aerosol particles of drug was determined.
the effect of a other drug extract from bovine lung, drug, on the dissolution rate of aerosol particles of drug was determined.
aerosol particles of drug were generated from an drug solution, dried, and collected by a cascade impactor for characterization or by a liquid impinger for dissolution experiments.
drug increased the extent of dissolution of drug in proportion to the added concentration, which was also verified by equilibrium solubilization studies.
drug also increased rate of dissolution, in a manner similar to drug.
analysis of the concentration of drug following ultracentrifugation indicated that there is rapid equilibration of drug between the other drug and aqueous phase.
analysis of the concentration of drug following ultracentrifugation indicated that there is rapid equilibration of drug between the drug and aqueous phase.
analysis of the concentration of other drug following ultracentrifugation indicated that there is rapid equilibration of other drug between the drug and aqueous phase.
as immediate-early genes (iegs) are thought to play a critical role in mediating stimulus-induced neural plasticity, ieg response induced by drug (drug) has been characterized to define the changes in gene expression that may underlie its long-lasting behavioral effects.
using in situ hybridization, we observed that drug caused a rapid and transient dose-dependent increase in arc mrna level in the striatum and cortex that was abolished by pretreatment with the specific dopamine d1 receptor antagonist drug but not by an other drug other drug.
using in situ hybridization, we observed that drug caused a rapid and transient dose-dependent increase in arc mrna level in the striatum and cortex that was abolished by pretreatment with the specific dopamine d1 receptor antagonist other drug but not by an drug other drug.
using in situ hybridization, we observed that drug caused a rapid and transient dose-dependent increase in arc mrna level in the striatum and cortex that was abolished by pretreatment with the specific dopamine d1 receptor antagonist other drug but not by an other drug drug.
using in situ hybridization, we observed that other drug caused a rapid and transient dose-dependent increase in arc mrna level in the striatum and cortex that was abolished by pretreatment with the specific dopamine d1 receptor antagonist drug but not by an drug other drug.
using in situ hybridization, we observed that other drug caused a rapid and transient dose-dependent increase in arc mrna level in the striatum and cortex that was abolished by pretreatment with the specific dopamine d1 receptor antagonist drug but not by an other drug drug.
using in situ hybridization, we observed that other drug caused a rapid and transient dose-dependent increase in arc mrna level in the striatum and cortex that was abolished by pretreatment with the specific dopamine d1 receptor antagonist other drug but not by an drug drug.
the effects of drug and drug upon other drug (other drug)-induced locomotion and behavioral changes in mice.
the effects of drug and other drug upon drug (other drug)-induced locomotion and behavioral changes in mice.
the effects of drug and other drug upon other drug (drug)-induced locomotion and behavioral changes in mice.
the effects of other drug and drug upon drug (other drug)-induced locomotion and behavioral changes in mice.
the effects of other drug and drug upon other drug (drug)-induced locomotion and behavioral changes in mice.
the effects of other drug and other drug upon drug (drug)-induced locomotion and behavioral changes in mice.
injection of drug (drug) were observed by measuring locomotor activity and stereotyped behavior.
then, the effects of metabotropic glutamate receptor (mglur) agonists, drug and drug, on the above behavioral changes induced by other drug were found.
then, the effects of metabotropic glutamate receptor (mglur) agonists, drug and other drug, on the above behavioral changes induced by drug were found.
then, the effects of metabotropic glutamate receptor (mglur) agonists, other drug and drug, on the above behavioral changes induced by drug were found.
the effects of drug were very strong and completely depressed the drug-induced hyperlocomotion.
in order to examine some molecular mechanisms of drug-induced behavioral changes, northern blot analysis of total rna from prefrontal cortical tissues of mice treated with drug, other drug, and other drug was carried out.
in order to examine some molecular mechanisms of drug-induced behavioral changes, northern blot analysis of total rna from prefrontal cortical tissues of mice treated with drug, drug, and other drug was carried out.
in order to examine some molecular mechanisms of drug-induced behavioral changes, northern blot analysis of total rna from prefrontal cortical tissues of mice treated with drug, other drug, and drug was carried out.
in order to examine some molecular mechanisms of other drug-induced behavioral changes, northern blot analysis of total rna from prefrontal cortical tissues of mice treated with other drug, drug, and other drug was carried out.
in order to examine some molecular mechanisms of other drug-induced behavioral changes, northern blot analysis of total rna from prefrontal cortical tissues of mice treated with other drug, other drug, and drug was carried out.
in order to examine some molecular mechanisms of other drug-induced behavioral changes, northern blot analysis of total rna from prefrontal cortical tissues of mice treated with other drug, drug, and drug was carried out.
behavioral responses to repeated drug exposure in mice selectively bred for differential sensitivity to drug.
mice from the 20th generation of three lines divergently selected for response to drug-induced sedation times [long-sedation time (lst), short sedation time (sst), and randomly bred control (rbc)] were used to study drug-induced behavioral sensitization.
drug (drug) and other drug: comparison of antiaddictive efficacy, toxicity, and mechanisms of action.
drug (other drug) and drug: comparison of antiaddictive efficacy, toxicity, and mechanisms of action.
other drug (drug) and drug: comparison of antiaddictive efficacy, toxicity, and mechanisms of action.
like drug (40 mg/kg), drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and other drug in rats;
like drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and other drug in rats;
like drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and other drug in rats;
like drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of drug and other drug in rats;
like drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and other drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and other drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of drug and other drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of drug and drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and other drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of drug and other drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and drug and the oral self-administration of drug and other drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and drug and the oral self-administration of other drug and drug in rats;
like other drug (40 mg/kg), other drug (40 mg/kg) decreases the intravenous self-administration of other drug and other drug and the oral self-administration of drug and drug in rats;
unlike drug, drug does not affect responding for a nondrug reinforcer (water).
both drug and drug ameliorate other drug withdrawal signs.
both drug and other drug ameliorate drug withdrawal signs.
both other drug and drug ameliorate drug withdrawal signs.
both drug and drug decrease extracellular levels of dopamine in the nucleus accumbens, but only drug increases extracellular levels of serotonin in the nucleus accumbens.
both drug and other drug decrease extracellular levels of dopamine in the nucleus accumbens, but only drug increases extracellular levels of serotonin in the nucleus accumbens.
both other drug and drug decrease extracellular levels of dopamine in the nucleus accumbens, but only other drug increases extracellular levels of serotonin in the nucleus accumbens.
both drug and drug block other drug-induced and other drug-induced dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens;
both drug and other drug block drug-induced and other drug-induced dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens;
both drug and other drug block other drug-induced and drug-induced dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens;
both other drug and drug block drug-induced and other drug-induced dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens;
both other drug and drug block other drug-induced and drug-induced dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens;
both other drug and other drug block drug-induced and drug-induced dopamine release in the nucleus accumbens;
only drug enhances drug-induced increases in accumbal dopamine.
both drug and drug enhance the locomotor and/or stereotypic effects of stimulants.
drug attenuates, but drug potentiates, the acute locomotor effects of other drug;
drug attenuates, but other drug potentiates, the acute locomotor effects of drug;
other drug attenuates, but drug potentiates, the acute locomotor effects of drug;
both compounds attenuate drug-induced locomotion in drug-experienced rats.
drug, but not drug, decreases heart rate at high doses.
while drug and drug have similar affinities for kappa opioid and possibly nicotinic receptors, drug has much lower affinities than drug for nmda and sigma-2 receptors, sodium channels, and the 5-ht transporter.
while drug and other drug have similar affinities for kappa opioid and possibly nicotinic receptors, drug has much lower affinities than other drug for nmda and sigma-2 receptors, sodium channels, and the 5-ht transporter.
while drug and other drug have similar affinities for kappa opioid and possibly nicotinic receptors, drug has much lower affinities than other drug for nmda and sigma-2 receptors, sodium channels, and the 5-ht transporter.
while other drug and drug have similar affinities for kappa opioid and possibly nicotinic receptors, other drug has much lower affinities than drug for nmda and sigma-2 receptors, sodium channels, and the 5-ht transporter.
while other drug and drug have similar affinities for kappa opioid and possibly nicotinic receptors, other drug has much lower affinities than drug for nmda and sigma-2 receptors, sodium channels, and the 5-ht transporter.
while other drug and other drug have similar affinities for kappa opioid and possibly nicotinic receptors, other drug has much lower affinities than other drug for nmda and sigma-2 receptors, sodium channels, and the 5-ht transporter.
both drug and drug are sequestered in fat and, like drug, drug probably has an active metabolite.
both drug and other drug are sequestered in fat and, like other drug, drug probably has an active metabolite.
both drug and other drug are sequestered in fat and, like other drug, drug probably has an active metabolite.
both other drug and drug are sequestered in fat and, like drug, other drug probably has an active metabolite.
both other drug and drug are sequestered in fat and, like drug, other drug probably has an active metabolite.
both other drug and other drug are sequestered in fat and, like other drug, other drug probably has an active metabolite.
the data suggest that drug has a narrower spectrum of actions and will have a substantially greater therapeutic index than drug.
clinical implications of drug interactions with five drug.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of drug interference by drug, other drug, other drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of drug interference by other drug, drug, other drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of drug interference by other drug, other drug, drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of drug interference by other drug, other drug, other drug, drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of drug interference by other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug and drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of drug interference by other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by drug, drug, other drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by drug, other drug, drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by drug, other drug, other drug, drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by drug, other drug, other drug, other drug and drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by drug, other drug, other drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, drug, drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, drug, other drug, drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, drug, other drug, other drug and drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, drug, other drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, other drug, drug, drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, other drug, drug, other drug and drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, other drug, drug, other drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, other drug, other drug, drug and drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving other drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, other drug, other drug, drug and other drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving drug therapy.
the intensity, uniformity and time course of other drug interference by other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug and drug were systematically investigated in 16 patients receiving drug therapy.
anticoagulant inhibition was observed during the administration of drug, drug and other drug;
anticoagulant inhibition was observed during the administration of drug, other drug and drug;
anticoagulant inhibition was observed during the administration of other drug, drug and drug;
there was no significant change in prothrombin test results during the trials of drug and drug.
drug and drug should not be administered to patients receiving other drug.
drug and other drug should not be administered to patients receiving drug.
other drug and drug should not be administered to patients receiving drug.
drug and drug interact pharmacologically with orally administered other drug, but the effect is not clinically significant.
drug and other drug interact pharmacologically with orally administered drug, but the effect is not clinically significant.
other drug and drug interact pharmacologically with orally administered drug, but the effect is not clinically significant.
it is concluded that drug and drug may be administered safely without additional caution in prothrombin test monitoring during oral other drug therapy.
it is concluded that drug and other drug may be administered safely without additional caution in prothrombin test monitoring during oral drug therapy.
it is concluded that other drug and drug may be administered safely without additional caution in prothrombin test monitoring during oral drug therapy.
concomitantly given drug did not interfere with the absorption of a tablet of drug.
combinations of drug and drug: effects on drug discrimination and behavioral inhibition in rats.
drug (drug) produces psychotomimetic effects in humans that resemble schizophrenia symptoms.
in the present study, the drug drug was tested in combination with an active dose of other drug in two-lever drug discrimination and mixed signalled-unsignalled differential-reinforcement-of-low-rates (drl) procedures.
in the present study, the drug other drug was tested in combination with an active dose of drug in two-lever drug discrimination and mixed signalled-unsignalled differential-reinforcement-of-low-rates (drl) procedures.
in the present study, the other drug drug was tested in combination with an active dose of drug in two-lever drug discrimination and mixed signalled-unsignalled differential-reinforcement-of-low-rates (drl) procedures.
drug produced distinctive effects in each task: it substituted for the training dose in drug discrimination and it increased the number of responses with short (<3 s) interresponse times as well as increasing overall response rates in the drl schedule.
acute dosing with drug failed to alter the behavioral effects of drug in either procedure even when tested up to doses that produced pharmacological effects alone.
these results suggest that acute dosing with drug would not affect behaviors most closely associated with drug intoxication.
since chronic dosing is required for therapeutic efficacy of drug, future studies should focus on investigation of chronic dosing effects of these drugs in combination with drug.
drug (5-35 micromol/l) induced concentration-dependent relaxation of mesenteric arteries preconstricted with drug (8 micromol/l) or other drug (125 mmol/l) from both lean and dietary-obese rats.
drug (5-35 micromol/l) induced concentration-dependent relaxation of mesenteric arteries preconstricted with other drug (8 micromol/l) or drug (125 mmol/l) from both lean and dietary-obese rats.
other drug (5-35 micromol/l) induced concentration-dependent relaxation of mesenteric arteries preconstricted with drug (8 micromol/l) or drug (125 mmol/l) from both lean and dietary-obese rats.
however, drug (100 and 300 micromol/l) did not alter the effects of drug on arteries from dietary-obese rats, giving superimposed concentration-responses curves.
drug was also ineffective in altering drug activity in arteries from both lean and dietary-obese rats.
in drug-precontracted arteries from dietary-obese rats, responses to drug were not attenuated by endothelial denudation, indicating an action independent of the endothelium.
this study indicates that: (a) the maximal effects of drug on resistance arteries from lean and dietary-obese rats are not effected by endothelial dysfunction, and (b) the effects of drug in lean animals (where endothelial function is not impaired), but not in dietary-obese rats, are mediated via no.
if taken 1 hour before drug (drug), other drug does not affect drug exposure, despite persistent buffering effects.
if taken 1 hour before drug (other drug), drug does not affect other drug exposure, despite persistent buffering effects.
if taken 1 hour before drug (other drug), other drug does not affect other drug exposure, despite persistent buffering effects.
if taken 1 hour before other drug (drug), drug does not affect drug exposure, despite persistent buffering effects.
if taken 1 hour before other drug (drug), other drug does not affect drug exposure, despite persistent buffering effects.
if taken 1 hour before other drug (other drug), drug does not affect other drug exposure, despite persistent buffering effects.
concurrent administration of drug and drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to drug, but it is unclear how soon after drug administration drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of drug and other drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to drug, but it is unclear how soon after other drug administration drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of drug and other drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to drug, but it is unclear how soon after other drug administration drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of drug and other drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to drug, but it is unclear how soon after other drug administration drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of other drug and drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to other drug, but it is unclear how soon after drug administration other drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of other drug and drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to other drug, but it is unclear how soon after drug administration other drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of other drug and drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to other drug, but it is unclear how soon after drug administration other drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of other drug and other drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to other drug, but it is unclear how soon after other drug administration other drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of other drug and other drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to other drug, but it is unclear how soon after other drug administration other drug may be given safely.
concurrent administration of other drug and other drug significantly reduces the level of exposure to other drug, but it is unclear how soon after other drug administration other drug may be given safely.
we compared drug pharmacokinetics and gastric ph in 12 human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients by use of 800 mg of drug alone versus 800 mg of drug administered 1 h after other drug administration.
we compared drug pharmacokinetics and gastric ph in 12 human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients by use of 800 mg of drug alone versus 800 mg of drug administered 1 h after other drug administration.
we compared drug pharmacokinetics and gastric ph in 12 human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients by use of 800 mg of drug alone versus 800 mg of drug administered 1 h after drug administration.
we compared other drug pharmacokinetics and gastric ph in 12 human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients by use of 800 mg of other drug alone versus 800 mg of other drug administered 1 h after other drug administration.
we compared other drug pharmacokinetics and gastric ph in 12 human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients by use of 800 mg of other drug alone versus 800 mg of other drug administered 1 h after drug administration.
we compared other drug pharmacokinetics and gastric ph in 12 human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients by use of 800 mg of other drug alone versus 800 mg of other drug administered 1 h after drug administration.
median gastric ph was significantly higher when drug was taken after drug administration;
drug may be taken with a light meal 1 h following the administration of 400 mg of drug.
drug at 10 microm preferentially blocked the secretory effect of drug and its synergism with camp, whereas it had no effect on histamine- or camp-stimulated acid secretion within 15 min.
drug inhibited the drug-stimulated intracellular ca(2+) concentration ([ca(2+)](i)) increase due to release from the ca(2+) store.
the percentage of neurons hyperpolarized by mu-, delta(1)-, and other drug was significantly reduced when 1% but not <
the percentage of neurons hyperpolarized by mu-, delta(1)-, and drug was significantly reduced when 1% but not <
the percentage of neurons hyperpolarized by mu-, delta(1)-, and drug was significantly reduced when 1% but not <
suppression by drug of drug-enhanced peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug in wistar rats.
suppression by drug of other drug-enhanced peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by drug in wistar rats.
suppression by other drug of drug-enhanced peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by drug in wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of drug and drug (other drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of drug and other drug (drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of drug and other drug (other drug), a drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of drug and other drug (other drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of drug and other drug (other drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and drug (drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and drug (other drug), a drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and drug (other drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and drug (other drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and other drug (drug), a drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and other drug (drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and other drug (drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and other drug (other drug), a drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by drug (other drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and other drug (other drug), a drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by other drug (drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
background: the effects of combined administration of other drug and other drug (other drug), a other drug, on the incidence of peritoneal metastasis of intestinal adenocarcinomas induced by drug (drug) and the labeling index of intestinal cancers were investigated in male wistar rats.
methods: from the beginning of the experiment, rats were given 10 weekly subcutaneous injections of drug (7.4 mg/kg body weight) and subcutaneous injections of drug (40 microg/kg body weight) every other day, and from week 16, intraperitoneal injections of other drug (10 or 20 mg/kg body weight) every other day until the end fo the experiment in week 45.
methods: from the beginning of the experiment, rats were given 10 weekly subcutaneous injections of drug (7.4 mg/kg body weight) and subcutaneous injections of other drug (40 microg/kg body weight) every other day, and from week 16, intraperitoneal injections of drug (10 or 20 mg/kg body weight) every other day until the end fo the experiment in week 45.
methods: from the beginning of the experiment, rats were given 10 weekly subcutaneous injections of other drug (7.4 mg/kg body weight) and subcutaneous injections of drug (40 microg/kg body weight) every other day, and from week 16, intraperitoneal injections of drug (10 or 20 mg/kg body weight) every other day until the end fo the experiment in week 45.
although drug administered at either dose had little or no effect on the enhancement of intestinal carcinogenesis by drug or on the location, histologic type, depth of involvement, labeling index, apoptotic index or tumor vascularity of intestinal cancers, it significantly decreased the incidence of cancer metastasis.
drug also significantly decreased the incidence of lymphatic invasion of adenocarcinomas, which was enhanced by drug.
in vitro interaction of drug and drug in placental vessels.
the interaction of drug and synthetic drug on placental vessels was studied in vitro.
in seven experiments reactions to drug and drug were other drug.
in seven experiments reactions to drug and other drug were drug.
in seven experiments reactions to other drug and drug were drug.
drug produced significantly increased vasoconstriction after a single administration of drug.
there is thus an enhancement effect of drug upon the reaction of placental vessels to drug in vitro.
drug overdose recognized by a drug assay.
we report the case of an adolescent with altered consciousness caused by drug overdose with a positive drug level to alert clinicians to the cross-reactivity of drug with a toxicology screen for drugs.
we report the case of an adolescent with altered consciousness caused by drug overdose with a positive other drug level to alert clinicians to the cross-reactivity of drug with a toxicology screen for other drugs.
we report the case of an adolescent with altered consciousness caused by drug overdose with a positive other drug level to alert clinicians to the cross-reactivity of drug with a toxicology screen for other drugs.
we report the case of an adolescent with altered consciousness caused by other drug overdose with a positive drug level to alert clinicians to the cross-reactivity of other drug with a toxicology screen for drugs.
we report the case of an adolescent with altered consciousness caused by other drug overdose with a positive drug level to alert clinicians to the cross-reactivity of other drug with a toxicology screen for drugs.
we report the case of an adolescent with altered consciousness caused by other drug overdose with a positive other drug level to alert clinicians to the cross-reactivity of other drug with a toxicology screen for other drugs.
drug-induced oxidative stress in rat brain and liver is prevented by drug or other drug.
drug-induced oxidative stress in rat brain and liver is prevented by other drug or drug.
other drug-induced oxidative stress in rat brain and liver is prevented by drug or drug.
considering that the involvement of reactive oxygen species (ros) has been implicated in the toxicity of various pesticides, this study was designed to investigate the possibility of oxidative stress induction by drug, a drug.
pretreatment of rats with drug (100 mg/kg, ip) or drug (100 mg/kg per day, ig, for 3 days and a dose of 40 mg/kg on the 4th day) provided significant protection against the elevation of tbars levels in cerebral and hepatic tissues, induced by single high dose of oral other drug administration within 4 h.
pretreatment of rats with drug (100 mg/kg, ip) or other drug (100 mg/kg per day, ig, for 3 days and a dose of 40 mg/kg on the 4th day) provided significant protection against the elevation of tbars levels in cerebral and hepatic tissues, induced by single high dose of oral drug administration within 4 h.
pretreatment of rats with other drug (100 mg/kg, ip) or drug (100 mg/kg per day, ig, for 3 days and a dose of 40 mg/kg on the 4th day) provided significant protection against the elevation of tbars levels in cerebral and hepatic tissues, induced by single high dose of oral drug administration within 4 h.
thus, the results suggest that drug exposure of rats results in free radical-mediated tissue damage, as indicated by elevated cerebral and hepatic lipid peroxidation, which was prevented by drug and other drug.
thus, the results suggest that drug exposure of rats results in free radical-mediated tissue damage, as indicated by elevated cerebral and hepatic lipid peroxidation, which was prevented by other drug and drug.
thus, the results suggest that other drug exposure of rats results in free radical-mediated tissue damage, as indicated by elevated cerebral and hepatic lipid peroxidation, which was prevented by drug and drug.
in this study we investigated the effect of drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their drug other drug (l-type), other drug (n-type), or other drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their other drug drug (l-type), other drug (n-type), or other drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their other drug other drug (l-type), drug (n-type), or other drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their other drug other drug (l-type), other drug (n-type), or drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of other drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their drug drug (l-type), other drug (n-type), or other drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of other drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their drug other drug (l-type), drug (n-type), or other drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of other drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their drug other drug (l-type), other drug (n-type), or drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of other drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their other drug drug (l-type), drug (n-type), or other drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of other drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their other drug drug (l-type), other drug (n-type), or drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
in this study we investigated the effect of other drug on high threshold voltage-dependent ca(2+) channel subtypes using their other drug other drug (l-type), drug (n-type), or drug (p-type) in bovine chromaffin cells.
drug had no effect on drug response.
these data suggest that drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/other drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and drug/other drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/other drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/other drug/drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and drug/drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/drug/drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and drug/other drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/other drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/other drug/drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and drug/other drug/other drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and drug/other drug/drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
these data suggest that other drug are negatively coupled to three types of calcium channels in bovine chromaffin cell, including an other drug-sensitive (n-type) channel, an other drug-sensitive (p-type) channel and other drug/other drug/drug-resistant (presumptive q-type) channel.
thus, the selective regulation of voltage-dependent ca(2+) subtypes by drug in bovine chromaffin cell could be the cellular basis of antistress effects induced by drug.
in vitro activity of drug, either singly or in combination with drug, against mycobacterium ulcerans.
the antimicrobial effect of a drug, drug, either alone or in combination with other drug, was evaluated in vitro against two type strains and six clinical isolates of mycobacterium ulcerans.
the antimicrobial effect of a drug, other drug, either alone or in combination with drug, was evaluated in vitro against two type strains and six clinical isolates of mycobacterium ulcerans.
the antimicrobial effect of a other drug, drug, either alone or in combination with drug, was evaluated in vitro against two type strains and six clinical isolates of mycobacterium ulcerans.
ulcerans was between 0.012 and 0.025 mg/l, while corresponding values for drug and drug were in the range of 0.1-0.8 mg/l and 0.1-0.4 mg/l respectively.
when combined with drug, drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of other drug (or other drug) and drug.
when combined with drug, other drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of drug (or other drug) and drug.
when combined with drug, other drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of other drug (or drug) and drug.
when combined with drug, other drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of other drug (or other drug) and drug.
when combined with other drug, drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of drug (or other drug) and other drug.
when combined with other drug, drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of other drug (or drug) and other drug.
when combined with other drug, drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of other drug (or other drug) and other drug.
when combined with other drug, other drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of drug (or drug) and other drug.
when combined with other drug, other drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of drug (or other drug) and other drug.
when combined with other drug, other drug exhibited strong synergistic activity while only additive effects were observed with the combination of other drug (or drug) and other drug.
the effects of drug (drug) on other drug (other drug)-induced responses were studied in rat bone madrugow megakaryocytes with the patch-clamp whole-cell recording technique in combination with fura-2 microfluorometry.
the effects of drug (other drug) on drug (other drug)-induced responses were studied in rat bone maother drugow megakaryocytes with the patch-clamp whole-cell recording technique in combination with fura-2 microfluorometry.
the effects of drug (other drug) on other drug (drug)-induced responses were studied in rat bone maother drugow megakaryocytes with the patch-clamp whole-cell recording technique in combination with fura-2 microfluorometry.
the effects of other drug (drug) on drug (other drug)-induced responses were studied in rat bone madrugow megakaryocytes with the patch-clamp whole-cell recording technique in combination with fura-2 microfluorometry.
the effects of other drug (drug) on other drug (drug)-induced responses were studied in rat bone madrugow megakaryocytes with the patch-clamp whole-cell recording technique in combination with fura-2 microfluorometry.
the effects of other drug (other drug) on drug (drug)-induced responses were studied in rat bone maother drugow megakaryocytes with the patch-clamp whole-cell recording technique in combination with fura-2 microfluorometry.
administering drug together with drug (100-500 microm) inhibited drug-induced responses (both ca(2+) and cudrugent responses) in a dose-dependent fashion.
pretreatment of megakaryocytes with extracellular drug (50 microm) also inhibited drug-induced responses.
in contrast, in isolated single pancreatic acinar cells, drug had no effect on drug-induced responses.
in addition, we have shown that drug is a useful pharmacological tool with which to examine the drug-mediated responses of megakaryocytes.
effect of drug on the pharmacokinetics of drug in healthy volunteers.
the authors examined the effect of the cyclooxygenase-2 (cox-2) inhibitor, drug, at steady state on the pharmacokinetics of drug following a single dose in healthy subjects.
samples for plasma and urine immunoreactive drug concentrations were collected through 120 hours following the drug dose.
for drug auc(0-infinity), auc(0-24), and cmax, the geometric mean ratios (90% confidence interval) for (drug + drug/placebo + drug) were 1.04 (0.94, 1.14), 1.02 (0.94, 1.09), and 1.00 (0.91, 1.10), respectively.
for drug auc(0-infinity), auc(0-24), and cmax, the geometric mean ratios (90% confidence interval) for (other drug + drug/placebo + drug) were 1.04 (0.94, 1.14), 1.02 (0.94, 1.09), and 1.00 (0.91, 1.10), respectively.
for drug auc(0-infinity), auc(0-24), and cmax, the geometric mean ratios (90% confidence interval) for (other drug + drug/placebo + drug) were 1.04 (0.94, 1.14), 1.02 (0.94, 1.09), and 1.00 (0.91, 1.10), respectively.
for other drug auc(0-infinity), auc(0-24), and cmax, the geometric mean ratios (90% confidence interval) for (drug + other drug/placebo + other drug) were 1.04 (0.94, 1.14), 1.02 (0.94, 1.09), and 1.00 (0.91, 1.10), respectively.
for other drug auc(0-infinity), auc(0-24), and cmax, the geometric mean ratios (90% confidence interval) for (drug + other drug/placebo + other drug) were 1.04 (0.94, 1.14), 1.02 (0.94, 1.09), and 1.00 (0.91, 1.10), respectively.
for other drug auc(0-infinity), auc(0-24), and cmax, the geometric mean ratios (90% confidence interval) for (other drug + other drug/placebo + other drug) were 1.04 (0.94, 1.14), 1.02 (0.94, 1.09), and 1.00 (0.91, 1.10), respectively.
the harmonic mean elimination half-life was 45.7 and 43.4 hours for drug + drug and placebo + drug treatments, respectively.
the harmonic mean elimination half-life was 45.7 and 43.4 hours for drug + other drug and placebo + other drug treatments, respectively.
the harmonic mean elimination half-life was 45.7 and 43.4 hours for other drug + drug and placebo + drug treatments, respectively.
the mean (sd) cumulative urinary excretion of immunoreactive drug after concurrent treatment with drug or placebo was 228.2 (+/- 30.8) and 235.1 (+/- 39.1) micrograms/120 hours, respectively.
drug did not influence the plasma pharmacokinetics or renal elimination of a single oral dose of drug.
concomitant drug, drug, other drug, and other drug chemotherapy plus other drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant drug, other drug, drug, and other drug chemotherapy plus other drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant drug, other drug, other drug, and drug chemotherapy plus other drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug chemotherapy plus drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant other drug, drug, drug, and other drug chemotherapy plus other drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant other drug, drug, other drug, and drug chemotherapy plus other drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug chemotherapy plus drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant other drug, other drug, drug, and drug chemotherapy plus other drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug chemotherapy plus drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
concomitant other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug chemotherapy plus drug therapy in patients with human immunodeficiency virus-related, non-hodgkin lymphoma.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving other drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus other drug) without receiving drug therapy.
to evaluate the impact of chemotherapy plus haart on the clinical course of patients with hiv-related, systemic, non-hodgkin lymphoma (hiv-nhl), the authors compared retrospectively a group of 24 patients with hiv-nhl who were treated with the other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug (chop) chemotherapy regimen plus haart with a group of 80 patients who were treated with chop chemotherapy or a chop-like regimen (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug with other drug plus drug) without receiving drug therapy.
drug regimens consisted of two drug and one other drug.
drug regimens consisted of two other drug and one drug.
other drug regimens consisted of two drug and one drug.
however, careful attention must be directed to cross toxicity and possible pharmacokinetic interactions between antiretroviral and drug.
treatment with drug can directly interfere with blood glucose levels or may interact with drug.
drug (5 mg/kg), drug (30 mg/kg), other drug (0.25 mg/kg), other drug (20 mg/kg) other drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
drug (5 mg/kg), other drug (30 mg/kg), drug (0.25 mg/kg), other drug (20 mg/kg) other drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
drug (5 mg/kg), other drug (30 mg/kg), other drug (0.25 mg/kg), drug (20 mg/kg) other drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
drug (5 mg/kg), other drug (30 mg/kg), other drug (0.25 mg/kg), other drug (20 mg/kg) drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
other drug (5 mg/kg), drug (30 mg/kg), drug (0.25 mg/kg), other drug (20 mg/kg) other drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
other drug (5 mg/kg), drug (30 mg/kg), other drug (0.25 mg/kg), drug (20 mg/kg) other drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
other drug (5 mg/kg), drug (30 mg/kg), other drug (0.25 mg/kg), other drug (20 mg/kg) drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
other drug (5 mg/kg), other drug (30 mg/kg), drug (0.25 mg/kg), drug (20 mg/kg) other drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
other drug (5 mg/kg), other drug (30 mg/kg), drug (0.25 mg/kg), other drug (20 mg/kg) drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
other drug (5 mg/kg), other drug (30 mg/kg), other drug (0.25 mg/kg), drug (20 mg/kg) drug (30 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered.
an oral drug overload of 1 ml of a 50% drug solution was given to rats and blood drug was determined after 30, 60 and 90 min.
drug and drug did not change fasting or overload glycemia.
drug and drug increased blood other drug at different times after the other drug overload.
drug and other drug increased blood drug at different times after the drug overload.
other drug and drug increased blood drug at different times after the drug overload.
drug neutralized the increase of glycemia induced by oral drug overload.
in the second experiment, non-diabetic and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats were fasted, and the same procedures were followed for estimation of drug tolerance 30 min after drug overload.
again, drug neutralized the increase in glycemia after drug overload both in diabetic and non-diabetic rats.
activity of drug alone and in combination with drug and other drug against cryptosporidium parvum in cell culture.
activity of drug alone and in combination with other drug and drug against cryptosporidium parvum in cell culture.
activity of other drug alone and in combination with drug and drug against cryptosporidium parvum in cell culture.
the in vitro anti-cryptosporidial activity of drug alone and in combination with drug and other drug was investigated.
the in vitro anti-cryptosporidial activity of drug alone and in combination with other drug and drug was investigated.
the in vitro anti-cryptosporidial activity of other drug alone and in combination with drug and drug was investigated.
moreover, its activity was enhanced when it was combined with either drug or drug with 90% parasite reduction at the highest concentration tested.
drug may be active in inhibiting cryptosporidium parvum growth in vitro upon combination with either drug or other drug.
drug may be active in inhibiting cryptosporidium parvum growth in vitro upon combination with either other drug or drug.
other drug may be active in inhibiting cryptosporidium parvum growth in vitro upon combination with either drug or drug.
effect of drug on the pharmacokinetics of drug.
the effect of drug on the steady-state pharmacokinetics of drug was evaluated in a randomized, double-blind study.
five days of drug treatment did not significantly affect steady-state pharmacokinetic variables of drug compared with placebo;
therefore, the use of drug does not necessitate an adjustment in drug dose to maintain therapeutic drug levels.
numerous drug interactions are possible with some drug, such as drug and other drug, which affect hepatic microsomal enzyme systems.
numerous drug interactions are possible with some drug, such as other drug and drug, which affect hepatic microsomal enzyme systems.
numerous drug interactions are possible with some other drug, such as drug and drug, which affect hepatic microsomal enzyme systems.
interaction of drug and drug in rats.
the interaction of intramuscularly injected drug and its n-demethylated metabolite (metabolite i) with drug was evaluated in rats.
however, drug anesthetic requirement (i.e., mac) was depressed in a dose-dependent fashion as much as 56% 1-2 hours and as much as 14% 5-6 hours after injection of drug, 50 mg/kg, im.
the reduction in mac was correlated with brain levels of drug or metabolite i, suggesting a drug:metabolite i potency ration of 3:1.
the half-life of drug in plasma and brain was longer in the presence of drug than when drug was given alone.
the half-life of drug in plasma and brain was longer in the presence of other drug than when drug was given alone.
the half-life of other drug in plasma and brain was longer in the presence of drug than when other drug was given alone.
it is concluded that drug is not a short-acting drug and that concomitant use with drug would be expected to prolong further the duration of its action on the central nervous system.
drug and drug: a drug interaction.
the drug interaction between drug and drug is not well known.
drug has been reported to increase the drug requirements in human subjects ingesting these agents simultaneously.
the concomitant administration of drug and drug resulted in the need for an unusually high maintenance dose of drug (20 mg per day) in order to produce a therapeutic effect.
the concomitant administration of drug and other drug resulted in the need for an unusually high maintenance dose of other drug (20 mg per day) in order to produce a therapeutic effect.
the concomitant administration of other drug and drug resulted in the need for an unusually high maintenance dose of drug (20 mg per day) in order to produce a therapeutic effect.
withdrawal of drug decreased the drug requirement by 50%.
this effect may be mediated by the ability of drug to induce microsomal enzymes and, thus, the catabolism of drug.
the effect of drug on the drug requirement of our patient appeared to be maximal 5 to 7 days after the initiation of drug and extended a similar length of time after drug withdrawal.
the effect of drug on the other drug requirement of our patient appeared to be maximal 5 to 7 days after the initiation of drug and extended a similar length of time after drug withdrawal.
the effect of drug on the other drug requirement of our patient appeared to be maximal 5 to 7 days after the initiation of drug and extended a similar length of time after drug withdrawal.
the effect of other drug on the drug requirement of our patient appeared to be maximal 5 to 7 days after the initiation of other drug and extended a similar length of time after other drug withdrawal.
the effect of other drug on the drug requirement of our patient appeared to be maximal 5 to 7 days after the initiation of other drug and extended a similar length of time after other drug withdrawal.
the effect of other drug on the other drug requirement of our patient appeared to be maximal 5 to 7 days after the initiation of other drug and extended a similar length of time after other drug withdrawal.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of drug (drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of drug (other drug) and drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of drug (other drug) and other drug (drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (drug) and drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (drug) and other drug (drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and drug (drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of drug (drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (drug) and model peptide drugs, drug and other drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (drug) and model peptide drugs, other drug and drug.
the purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of other drug (other drug) and other drug (other drug) conjugates on the intestinal permeation of other drug (other drug) and model peptide drugs, drug and drug.
drug was covalently linked to carbodiimide activated drug.
unmodified drug (1% m/v) significantly improved the transport ratio (r= p(app) polymer/ p(app) control) of drug to 1.3 and 1% (m/v) drug conjugated with other drug further enhanced the permeation.
unmodified drug (1% m/v) significantly improved the transport ratio (r= p(app) polymer/ p(app) control) of other drug to 1.3 and 1% (m/v) drug conjugated with other drug further enhanced the permeation.
unmodified drug (1% m/v) significantly improved the transport ratio (r= p(app) polymer/ p(app) control) of other drug to 1.3 and 1% (m/v) drug conjugated with drug further enhanced the permeation.
unmodified other drug (1% m/v) significantly improved the transport ratio (r= p(app) polymer/ p(app) control) of drug to 1.3 and 1% (m/v) other drug conjugated with other drug further enhanced the permeation.
unmodified other drug (1% m/v) significantly improved the transport ratio (r= p(app) polymer/ p(app) control) of drug to 1.3 and 1% (m/v) other drug conjugated with drug further enhanced the permeation.
unmodified other drug (1% m/v) significantly improved the transport ratio (r= p(app) polymer/ p(app) control) of other drug to 1.3 and 1% (m/v) other drug conjugated with drug further enhanced the permeation.
decreasing the concentration of drug, exhibiting 7.3% (m/m) of immobilised drug (drug7.3) from 1% (m/v) to 0.5% (m/v) decreased the r-value of other drug from 1.8 to 1.2.
decreasing the concentration of drug, exhibiting 7.3% (m/m) of immobilised other drug (drug7.3) from 1% (m/v) to 0.5% (m/v) decreased the r-value of drug from 1.8 to 1.2.
decreasing the concentration of other drug, exhibiting 7.3% (m/m) of immobilised drug (other drug7.3) from 1% (m/v) to 0.5% (m/v) decreased the r-value of drug from 1.8 to 1.2.
drug at 1% (m/v) in the presence of free drug had no significant effect on the r-value of other drug compared to drug alone.
drug at 1% (m/v) in the presence of free other drug had no significant effect on the r-value of drug compared to drug alone.
drug at 1% (m/v) in the presence of free other drug had no significant effect on the r-value of other drug compared to drug alone.
other drug at 1% (m/v) in the presence of free drug had no significant effect on the r-value of drug compared to other drug alone.
other drug at 1% (m/v) in the presence of free drug had no significant effect on the r-value of other drug compared to other drug alone.
other drug at 1% (m/v) in the presence of free other drug had no significant effect on the r-value of drug compared to other drug alone.
formulation of fluorescence labelled drug and drug in unconjugated other drug (1% m/v) did not significantly improve the permeation, however in the presence of 1% (m/v) other drug7.3 a significantly improved permeation was observed (r= 1.3).
formulation of fluorescence labelled drug and other drug in unconjugated drug (1% m/v) did not significantly improve the permeation, however in the presence of 1% (m/v) other drug7.3 a significantly improved permeation was observed (r= 1.3).
formulation of fluorescence labelled drug and other drug in unconjugated other drug (1% m/v) did not significantly improve the permeation, however in the presence of 1% (m/v) drug7.3 a significantly improved permeation was observed (r= 1.3).
formulation of fluorescence labelled other drug and drug in unconjugated drug (1% m/v) did not significantly improve the permeation, however in the presence of 1% (m/v) other drug7.3 a significantly improved permeation was observed (r= 1.3).
formulation of fluorescence labelled other drug and drug in unconjugated other drug (1% m/v) did not significantly improve the permeation, however in the presence of 1% (m/v) drug7.3 a significantly improved permeation was observed (r= 1.3).
formulation of fluorescence labelled other drug and other drug in unconjugated drug (1% m/v) did not significantly improve the permeation, however in the presence of 1% (m/v) drug7.3 a significantly improved permeation was observed (r= 1.3).
conjugation at drug with drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule other drug and the model peptide drugs other drug and other drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at drug with other drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule drug and the model peptide drugs other drug and other drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at drug with other drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule other drug and the model peptide drugs drug and other drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at drug with other drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule other drug and the model peptide drugs other drug and drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at other drug with drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule drug and the model peptide drugs other drug and other drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at other drug with drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule other drug and the model peptide drugs drug and other drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at other drug with drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule other drug and the model peptide drugs other drug and drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at other drug with other drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule drug and the model peptide drugs drug and other drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at other drug with other drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule drug and the model peptide drugs other drug and drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
conjugation at other drug with other drug moieties significantly improves the intestinal permeation of the hydrophilic molecule other drug and the model peptide drugs drug and drug in vitro, therefore this conjugated system maybe useful for peroral administration of peptide drugs in the future.
pharmacokinetic interaction between drug and drug or other drug in healthy males.
pharmacokinetic interaction between drug and other drug or drug in healthy males.
pharmacokinetic interaction between other drug and drug or drug in healthy males.
the objective of this study was to determine if there is a pharmacokinetic interaction when drug is given with drug or other drug and to determine the effects of these drugs on the erythromycin breath test (ermbt).
the objective of this study was to determine if there is a pharmacokinetic interaction when drug is given with other drug or drug and to determine the effects of these drugs on the erythromycin breath test (ermbt).
the objective of this study was to determine if there is a pharmacokinetic interaction when other drug is given with drug or drug and to determine the effects of these drugs on the erythromycin breath test (ermbt).
all subjects received drug (1,200 mg twice a day) for 4 days, followed by a 7-day washout period, followed by either drug (300 mg once a day [qd]) (cohort 1) or other drug (600 mg qd) (cohort 2) for 14 days.
all subjects received drug (1,200 mg twice a day) for 4 days, followed by a 7-day washout period, followed by either other drug (300 mg once a day [qd]) (cohort 1) or drug (600 mg qd) (cohort 2) for 14 days.
all subjects received other drug (1,200 mg twice a day) for 4 days, followed by a 7-day washout period, followed by either drug (300 mg once a day [qd]) (cohort 1) or drug (600 mg qd) (cohort 2) for 14 days.
cohort 1 then received drug plus drug for 10 days, and cohort 2 received drug plus other drug for 4 days.
cohort 1 then received drug plus other drug for 10 days, and cohort 2 received drug plus other drug for 4 days.
cohort 1 then received drug plus other drug for 10 days, and cohort 2 received drug plus drug for 4 days.
cohort 1 then received other drug plus drug for 10 days, and cohort 2 received other drug plus other drug for 4 days.
cohort 1 then received other drug plus drug for 10 days, and cohort 2 received other drug plus drug for 4 days.
cohort 1 then received other drug plus other drug for 10 days, and cohort 2 received other drug plus drug for 4 days.
serial plasma and urine samples for measurement of drug, drug, and other drug and their other drug, were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography.
serial plasma and urine samples for measurement of drug, other drug, and drug and their other drug, were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography.
serial plasma and urine samples for measurement of drug, other drug, and other drug and their drug, were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography.
serial plasma and urine samples for measurement of other drug, drug, and drug and their other drug, were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography.
serial plasma and urine samples for measurement of other drug, drug, and other drug and their drug, were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography.
serial plasma and urine samples for measurement of other drug, other drug, and drug and their drug, were measured by high-performance liquid chromatography.
drug did not significantly affect drug's pharmacokinetics.
drug significantly increased the area under the curve at steady state (auc(ss)) of drug by 2.93-fold and the auc(ss) of 25-o-desacetyldrug by 13.3-fold.
drug significantly increased the area under the curve at steady state (auc(ss)) of other drug by 2.93-fold and the auc(ss) of 25-o-desacetylother drug by 13.3-fold.
other drug significantly increased the area under the curve at steady state (auc(ss)) of drug by 2.93-fold and the auc(ss) of 25-o-desacetyldrug by 13.3-fold.
drug significantly decreased the auc(ss) of drug by 82%, but drug had no effect on drug pharmacokinetics.
drug significantly decreased the auc(ss) of other drug by 82%, but other drug had no effect on drug pharmacokinetics.
drug significantly decreased the auc(ss) of other drug by 82%, but other drug had no effect on drug pharmacokinetics.
other drug significantly decreased the auc(ss) of drug by 82%, but drug had no effect on other drug pharmacokinetics.
other drug significantly decreased the auc(ss) of drug by 82%, but drug had no effect on other drug pharmacokinetics.
other drug significantly decreased the auc(ss) of other drug by 82%, but other drug had no effect on other drug pharmacokinetics.
the results of the ermbt after 2 weeks of drug and drug therapy were increased 187 and 156%, respectively.
drug plus drug was well tolerated.
drug plus drug was poorly tolerated, and 5 of 11 subjects discontinued therapy.
drug markedly increases the metabolic clearance of drug, and coadministration is contraindicated.
drug significantly decreases clearance of drug and 25-o-desacetyldrug, and the combination is poorly tolerated.
drug significantly decreases clearance of other drug and 25-o-desacetylother drug, and the combination is poorly tolerated.
other drug significantly decreases clearance of drug and 25-o-desacetyldrug, and the combination is poorly tolerated.
drug inhibits the ermbt, and drug and other drug are equipotent inducers of the ermbt.
drug inhibits the ermbt, and other drug and drug are equipotent inducers of the ermbt.
other drug inhibits the ermbt, and drug and drug are equipotent inducers of the ermbt.
the drug (drug and other drug), a new class of oral other drug, are "insulin sensitizers"
the drug (other drug and drug), a new class of oral other drug, are "insulin sensitizers"
the drug (other drug and other drug), a new class of oral drug, are "insulin sensitizers"
the other drug (drug and drug), a new class of oral other drug, are "insulin sensitizers"
the other drug (drug and other drug), a new class of oral drug, are "insulin sensitizers"
the other drug (other drug and drug), a new class of oral drug, are "insulin sensitizers"
to study the pancreatic effects of other agents, dynamic insulin and glucagon release was measured from the in vitro perfused pancreases of normal and diabetic chinese hamsters in response to various combinations of drug (20mm), drug (100 or 150 mg. per 100 ml.), and other drug (10 mm).
to study the pancreatic effects of other agents, dynamic insulin and glucagon release was measured from the in vitro perfused pancreases of normal and diabetic chinese hamsters in response to various combinations of drug (20mm), other drug (100 or 150 mg. per 100 ml.), and drug (10 mm).
to study the pancreatic effects of other agents, dynamic insulin and glucagon release was measured from the in vitro perfused pancreases of normal and diabetic chinese hamsters in response to various combinations of other drug (20mm), drug (100 or 150 mg. per 100 ml.), and drug (10 mm).
drug, alone and in the presence of drug, caused subnormal insulin release and less suppression of glucagon release in the diabectics than in the normals.
drug, in the presence of drug and other drug, caused excessive glucagon release but nearly normal insulin release in the diabetics.
drug, in the presence of other drug and drug, caused excessive glucagon release but nearly normal insulin release in the diabetics.
other drug, in the presence of drug and drug, caused excessive glucagon release but nearly normal insulin release in the diabetics.
drug, in the absence of drug or other drug, caused excessive glucagon release in the diabetics and undetectable insulin release in either diabetics or normals.
drug, in the absence of other drug or drug, caused excessive glucagon release in the diabetics and undetectable insulin release in either diabetics or normals.
other drug, in the absence of drug or drug, caused excessive glucagon release in the diabetics and undetectable insulin release in either diabetics or normals.
further, these results confirm that the diabetic chinese hamster's alpha and beta cells respond normally to drug, but are relatively insensitive to drug.
in this study, the effects of drug upon chylomicron metabolism was tested by determination of the plasma kinetics of a chylomicron-like emulsion model in 12 patients with coronary artery disease, aged 59+/-11 years, (total cholesterol: 240+/-41 mg/dl; triglycerides: 188+/-42 mg/dl) submitted to a randomized, crossover, double-blind, placebo-controlled study with administration of 1 g per day drug or placebo for 1-month.
drug elicited 62% enhancement of post-drug lipolytic activity and 100% increase of 3h-triglyceride fractional clearance rate compared with placebo treatment.
the mode of toxic action of the pesticide drug: the metabolism of drug to other drug.
the mode of toxic action of the pesticide drug: the metabolism of other drug to drug.
the mode of toxic action of the pesticide other drug: the metabolism of drug to drug.
the biochemical toxicology of drug, a known metabolite of the major ingredient of the pesticide drug (other drug), was investigated in vivo and in vitro.
the biochemical toxicology of drug, a known metabolite of the major ingredient of the pesticide other drug (drug), was investigated in vivo and in vitro.
the biochemical toxicology of other drug, a known metabolite of the major ingredient of the pesticide drug (drug), was investigated in vivo and in vitro.
rat kidney homogenates supplemented with coenzyme a, atp, oxaloacetate, and mg2+ converted drug to drug in vitro.
administration of drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) to rats in vivo resulted in drug synthesis in the kidney, which was preceded by an elevation in fluoride levels and followed by citrate accumulation.
animals dosed with drug did not display the 2-3 hour lag phase in either drug synthesis or in citrate and fluoride accumulation characteristic of animals dosed with other drug.
animals dosed with drug did not display the 2-3 hour lag phase in either other drug synthesis or in citrate and fluoride accumulation characteristic of animals dosed with drug.
animals dosed with other drug did not display the 2-3 hour lag phase in either drug synthesis or in citrate and fluoride accumulation characteristic of animals dosed with drug.
we demonstrate that the conversion of drug to drug by an nad+-dependent oxidation is the rate-limiting step in the synthesis of the toxic product, other drug from drug.
we demonstrate that the conversion of drug to other drug by an nad+-dependent oxidation is the rate-limiting step in the synthesis of the toxic product, drug from drug.
we demonstrate that the conversion of drug to other drug by an nad+-dependent oxidation is the rate-limiting step in the synthesis of the toxic product, other drug from drug.
we demonstrate that the conversion of other drug to drug by an nad+-dependent oxidation is the rate-limiting step in the synthesis of the toxic product, drug from other drug.
we demonstrate that the conversion of other drug to drug by an nad+-dependent oxidation is the rate-limiting step in the synthesis of the toxic product, other drug from other drug.
we demonstrate that the conversion of other drug to other drug by an nad+-dependent oxidation is the rate-limiting step in the synthesis of the toxic product, drug from other drug.
prior administration of drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) was shown to prevent the conversion of drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) to other drug in vivo and to eliminate the fluoride and citrate elevations seen in drug-intoxicated animals.
prior administration of drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) was shown to prevent the conversion of other drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) to drug in vivo and to eliminate the fluoride and citrate elevations seen in other drug-intoxicated animals.
prior administration of drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) was shown to prevent the conversion of other drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) to other drug in vivo and to eliminate the fluoride and citrate elevations seen in other drug-intoxicated animals.
prior administration of other drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) was shown to prevent the conversion of drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) to drug in vivo and to eliminate the fluoride and citrate elevations seen in drug-intoxicated animals.
prior administration of other drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) was shown to prevent the conversion of drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) to other drug in vivo and to eliminate the fluoride and citrate elevations seen in drug-intoxicated animals.
prior administration of other drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) was shown to prevent the conversion of other drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) to drug in vivo and to eliminate the fluoride and citrate elevations seen in other drug-intoxicated animals.
however, administration of drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) to rats 2 hours prior to drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) was ineffective in preventing other drug synthesis and did not diminish fluoride or citrate accumulation in vivo.
however, administration of drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) to rats 2 hours prior to other drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) was ineffective in preventing drug synthesis and did not diminish fluoride or citrate accumulation in vivo.
however, administration of other drug (90 mg kg(-1) body weight) to rats 2 hours prior to drug (100 mg kg(-1) body weight) was ineffective in preventing drug synthesis and did not diminish fluoride or citrate accumulation in vivo.
we conclude that the prophylactic and antidotal properties of drug seen in animals treated with drug derive from its capacity to inhibit the nad+-dependent oxidation responsible for converting drug to other drug in the committed step of the toxic pathway.
we conclude that the prophylactic and antidotal properties of drug seen in animals treated with other drug derive from its capacity to inhibit the nad+-dependent oxidation responsible for converting other drug to other drug in the committed step of the toxic pathway.
we conclude that the prophylactic and antidotal properties of drug seen in animals treated with other drug derive from its capacity to inhibit the nad+-dependent oxidation responsible for converting other drug to drug in the committed step of the toxic pathway.
we conclude that the prophylactic and antidotal properties of other drug seen in animals treated with drug derive from its capacity to inhibit the nad+-dependent oxidation responsible for converting drug to other drug in the committed step of the toxic pathway.
we conclude that the prophylactic and antidotal properties of other drug seen in animals treated with drug derive from its capacity to inhibit the nad+-dependent oxidation responsible for converting drug to drug in the committed step of the toxic pathway.
we conclude that the prophylactic and antidotal properties of other drug seen in animals treated with other drug derive from its capacity to inhibit the nad+-dependent oxidation responsible for converting other drug to drug in the committed step of the toxic pathway.
drug as potent drug of glucocorticoid-induced mouse mammary tumor virus gene expression.
drug showed the most potent inhibition (66% inhibition at 10 microm), which was far more potent than that of crude drug.
pharmacokinetic interaction between single oral doses of drug and drug in healthy volunteers.
aim and background: the pharmacokinetic interaction between drug, a drug metabolized by cyp3a4, and the other drug other drug was studied in 18 healthy subjects.
aim and background: the pharmacokinetic interaction between drug, a other drug metabolized by cyp3a4, and the drug other drug was studied in 18 healthy subjects.
aim and background: the pharmacokinetic interaction between drug, a other drug metabolized by cyp3a4, and the other drug drug was studied in 18 healthy subjects.
aim and background: the pharmacokinetic interaction between other drug, a drug metabolized by cyp3a4, and the drug other drug was studied in 18 healthy subjects.
aim and background: the pharmacokinetic interaction between other drug, a drug metabolized by cyp3a4, and the other drug drug was studied in 18 healthy subjects.
aim and background: the pharmacokinetic interaction between other drug, a other drug metabolized by cyp3a4, and the drug drug was studied in 18 healthy subjects.
several clinically important interactions have previously been reported for other drug that are metabolized by the same enzyme and for drug.
methods: healthy subjects who were 20 to 43 years old participated in an open, three-period, randomized, crossover study of the pharmacokinetics of a single 10-mg oral dose of drug, a single oral 120-mg dose of drug, and the two drugs given together.
results: the geometric mean (90% confidence interval) whole blood drug area under the plasma concentration time-curve increased 60% (35%-90%), from 736 to 1178 ng x h/ml, and maximum concentration increased 43% (14%-81%), from 67 to 96 ng/ml, with drug coadministration, whereas the mean elimination half-life of drug decreased slightly, from 79 to 67 hours.
results: the geometric mean (90% confidence interval) whole blood drug area under the plasma concentration time-curve increased 60% (35%-90%), from 736 to 1178 ng x h/ml, and maximum concentration increased 43% (14%-81%), from 67 to 96 ng/ml, with other drug coadministration, whereas the mean elimination half-life of drug decreased slightly, from 79 to 67 hours.
results: the geometric mean (90% confidence interval) whole blood other drug area under the plasma concentration time-curve increased 60% (35%-90%), from 736 to 1178 ng x h/ml, and maximum concentration increased 43% (14%-81%), from 67 to 96 ng/ml, with drug coadministration, whereas the mean elimination half-life of other drug decreased slightly, from 79 to 67 hours.
apparent oral clearance and volume of distribution of drug decreased with 38% and 45%, respectively, when drug was given with other drug.
apparent oral clearance and volume of distribution of drug decreased with 38% and 45%, respectively, when drug was given with drug.
apparent oral clearance and volume of distribution of other drug decreased with 38% and 45%, respectively, when other drug was given with drug.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of drug, desacetyldrug, and desmethyldrug were unchanged after coadministration of other drug, and no potentiation of the effects of drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of drug, desacetyldrug, and desmethyldrug were unchanged after coadministration of other drug, and no potentiation of the effects of drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of drug, desacetyldrug, and desmethyldrug were unchanged after coadministration of drug, and no potentiation of the effects of drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of drug, desacetyldrug, and desmethyldrug were unchanged after coadministration of other drug, and no potentiation of the effects of drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of other drug, desacetylother drug, and desmethylother drug were unchanged after coadministration of other drug, and no potentiation of the effects of other drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of other drug, desacetylother drug, and desmethylother drug were unchanged after coadministration of drug, and no potentiation of the effects of other drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of other drug, desacetylother drug, and desmethylother drug were unchanged after coadministration of other drug, and no potentiation of the effects of other drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of other drug, desacetylother drug, and desmethylother drug were unchanged after coadministration of drug, and no potentiation of the effects of other drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of other drug, desacetylother drug, and desmethylother drug were unchanged after coadministration of other drug, and no potentiation of the effects of other drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
the plasma maximum concentration and area under the plasma concentration-time curve of other drug, desacetylother drug, and desmethylother drug were unchanged after coadministration of drug, and no potentiation of the effects of other drug on diastolic or systolic blood pressure or on the electrocardiographic parameters was seen.
conclusions: single-dose drug coadministration leads to higher drug exposure, presumably by inhibition of the first-pass metabolism of drug.
conclusions: single-dose drug coadministration leads to higher other drug exposure, presumably by inhibition of the first-pass metabolism of other drug.
conclusions: single-dose other drug coadministration leads to higher drug exposure, presumably by inhibition of the first-pass metabolism of drug.
because of the pronounced intersubject variability in the extent of the drug-drug interaction, whole blood drug concentrations should be monitored closely in patients treated with the two drugs.
because of the pronounced intersubject variability in the extent of the drug-other drug interaction, whole blood drug concentrations should be monitored closely in patients treated with the two drugs.
because of the pronounced intersubject variability in the extent of the other drug-drug interaction, whole blood other drug concentrations should be monitored closely in patients treated with the two drugs.
drug inhibits the cyp2c9 catalyzed biotransformation of drug.
objective: our objective was to examine the interaction between drug and drug to confirm that drug inhibits cyp2c9.
objective: our objective was to examine the interaction between drug and other drug to confirm that drug inhibits cyp2c9.
objective: our objective was to examine the interaction between other drug and drug to confirm that other drug inhibits cyp2c9.
plasma was analyzed for drug, and urine was analyzed for drug and its two metabolites, 4-hydroxydrug and carboxydrug by means of hplc.
plasma was analyzed for drug, and urine was analyzed for drug and its two metabolites, 4-hydroxydrug and carboxydrug by means of hplc.
plasma was analyzed for drug, and urine was analyzed for drug and its two metabolites, 4-hydroxydrug and carboxydrug by means of hplc.
plasma was analyzed for other drug, and urine was analyzed for other drug and its two metabolites, 4-hydroxyother drug and carboxyother drug by means of hplc.
plasma was analyzed for other drug, and urine was analyzed for other drug and its two metabolites, 4-hydroxyother drug and carboxyother drug by means of hplc.
plasma was analyzed for other drug, and urine was analyzed for other drug and its two metabolites, 4-hydroxyother drug and carboxyother drug by means of hplc.
results: during treatment with drug, there was a statistically significant decrease in the median of the total clearance of drug, from 845 ml/h to 688 ml/h, among the volunteers who received 75 mg/d.
the clearance by means of drug and drug was significantly reduced in both groups (ie, from 901 ml/h to 318 ml/h in the group that received 150 mg of other drug per day and from 723 ml/h to 457 ml/h in the group that received 75 mg of other drug per day).
the clearance by means of drug and other drug was significantly reduced in both groups (ie, from 901 ml/h to 318 ml/h in the group that received 150 mg of drug per day and from 723 ml/h to 457 ml/h in the group that received 75 mg of drug per day).
the clearance by means of drug and other drug was significantly reduced in both groups (ie, from 901 ml/h to 318 ml/h in the group that received 150 mg of other drug per day and from 723 ml/h to 457 ml/h in the group that received 75 mg of other drug per day).
the clearance by means of other drug and drug was significantly reduced in both groups (ie, from 901 ml/h to 318 ml/h in the group that received 150 mg of drug per day and from 723 ml/h to 457 ml/h in the group that received 75 mg of drug per day).
the clearance by means of other drug and drug was significantly reduced in both groups (ie, from 901 ml/h to 318 ml/h in the group that received 150 mg of other drug per day and from 723 ml/h to 457 ml/h in the group that received 75 mg of other drug per day).
the clearance by means of other drug and other drug was significantly reduced in both groups (ie, from 901 ml/h to 318 ml/h in the group that received 150 mg of drug per day and from 723 ml/h to 457 ml/h in the group that received 75 mg of drug per day).
longitudinal assessment of drug in de novo renal transplant recipients over the first post-transplant year: pharmacokinetics, exposure-response relationships, and influence on drug.
objective: our objective was to characterize the steady-state pharmacokinetics of drug and drug (inn, other drug) when coadministered in de novo kidney allograft recipients during the first year after transplantation.
objective: our objective was to characterize the steady-state pharmacokinetics of drug and other drug (inn, drug) when coadministered in de novo kidney allograft recipients during the first year after transplantation.
objective: our objective was to characterize the steady-state pharmacokinetics of other drug and drug (inn, drug) when coadministered in de novo kidney allograft recipients during the first year after transplantation.
method: this study was a multicenter randomized double-blind study of 101 patients who were randomly assigned 1:1:1 to receive drug tablets at doses of 0.5 mg, 1 mg, or 2 mg twice daily with drug and other drug.
method: this study was a multicenter randomized double-blind study of 101 patients who were randomly assigned 1:1:1 to receive drug tablets at doses of 0.5 mg, 1 mg, or 2 mg twice daily with other drug and drug.
method: this study was a multicenter randomized double-blind study of 101 patients who were randomly assigned 1:1:1 to receive other drug tablets at doses of 0.5 mg, 1 mg, or 2 mg twice daily with drug and drug.
blood sampling for the pharmacokinetics of drug and drug was performed on day 1, on weeks 1, 2, 3, and 4, and on months 2, 3, 6, 9, and 12.
potential differences in drug dosing and pharmacokinetics at different levels of drug exposure were assessed in the context of anova.
drug doses, trough concentrations, and auc exhibited similar temporal patterns during the course of the study regardless of the co-administered drug dose level (p = .13, .82, and .76, respectively).
for a 4-fold range of drug doses there were no differential effects on drug dosing or pharmacokinetics.
drug, a trans-3,4-dimethyl-4-(3-hydroxyphenyl) piperidine, prevents gastrointestinal effects of intravenous drug without affecting analgesia.
drug is a novel drug that may selectively prevent other drug-induced gastrointestinal effects without reversing analgesia.
drug is a novel other drug that may selectively prevent drug-induced gastrointestinal effects without reversing analgesia.
other drug is a novel drug that may selectively prevent drug-induced gastrointestinal effects without reversing analgesia.
gastrointestinal transit time (lactulose hydrogen breath test) was measured in 14 volunteers with oral and intravenous placebo, oral placebo and intravenous drug (0.05 mg x kg(-1)), and oral drug (4 mg) and intravenous drug (0.05 mg x kg(-1)) in a double blind, cross-over study.
gastrointestinal transit time (lactulose hydrogen breath test) was measured in 14 volunteers with oral and intravenous placebo, oral placebo and intravenous drug (0.05 mg x kg(-1)), and oral other drug (4 mg) and intravenous drug (0.05 mg x kg(-1)) in a double blind, cross-over study.
gastrointestinal transit time (lactulose hydrogen breath test) was measured in 14 volunteers with oral and intravenous placebo, oral placebo and intravenous other drug (0.05 mg x kg(-1)), and oral drug (4 mg) and intravenous other drug (0.05 mg x kg(-1)) in a double blind, cross-over study.
drug prolonged gastrointestinal transit time from 69 to 103 minutes (p = .005); this was prevented by drug (p = .004).
postoperatively, 45 patients were randomly assigned in a double-blind fashion to receive drug (4 mg) or placebo and intravenous drug (0.15 mg/kg) or to receive oral and intravenous placebo.
drug analgesia and pupil constriction were unaffected by drug and differed from placebo (p < .002).
we conclude that drug prevents drug-induced increases in gastrointestinal transit time by means of selective peripheral opioid anitagonism without affecting central opioid analgesia.
rhabdomyolysis secondary to a drug interaction between drug and drug.
objective: to report a case of rhabdomyolysis resulting from concomitant use of drug and drug.
discussion: drug is a potent inhibitor of cyp3a4, the major enzyme responsible for drug metabolism.
the concomitant administration of drug and other drug have resulted in previous reports of rhabdomyolysis.
conclusions: drug inhibit the metabolism of drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug).
conclusions: drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, other drug).
conclusions: drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, other drug).
conclusions: drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, other drug).
conclusions: drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, other drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, other drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, other drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, other drug, other drug, drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., drug, drug, other drug, other drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., drug, other drug, drug, other drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., drug, other drug, other drug, drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, drug, drug, other drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, drug, other drug, drug).
conclusions: other drug inhibit the metabolism of other drug that are metabolized by cyp3a4 (i.e., other drug, other drug, drug, drug).
the effects of concomitant drug administration on the steady-state pharmacokinetics of drug.
drug ('drug') is a newly introduced other drug with demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
drug ('other drug') is a newly introduced drug with demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
other drug ('drug') is a newly introduced drug with demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
this study demonstrated that the potent cytochrome p450 enzyme-inducer drug did indeed have a marked effect on the metabolism of drug, resulting in a 5-fold increase in clearance when administered concomitantly to patients with dsm-iv-diagnosed schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, or bipolar disorder.
drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, other drug, drug, drug, other drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, drug, and other drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and drug were added to pooled human serum at therapeutic concentrations.
the following eight target drug/added drug combinations were studied: drug/drug.
drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, drug/other drug, drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, other drug/other drug, and other drug/other drug.
similarly dialyzed were drug, drug, and other drug, both alone at therapeutic concentrations in serum and with other drug at three different concentrations in serum.
similarly dialyzed were drug, other drug, and drug, both alone at therapeutic concentrations in serum and with other drug at three different concentrations in serum.
similarly dialyzed were drug, other drug, and other drug, both alone at therapeutic concentrations in serum and with drug at three different concentrations in serum.
similarly dialyzed were other drug, drug, and drug, both alone at therapeutic concentrations in serum and with other drug at three different concentrations in serum.
similarly dialyzed were other drug, drug, and other drug, both alone at therapeutic concentrations in serum and with drug at three different concentrations in serum.
similarly dialyzed were other drug, other drug, and drug, both alone at therapeutic concentrations in serum and with drug at three different concentrations in serum.
drug diminished the binding of drug to human serum by a net change of 5.7% (percentage increase in free drug fraction [fdf], 11.0%) at 662 micromol/l and by a net change of 7.1% (percentage increase in fdf, 13.7%) at 1324 micromol/l.
drug decreased the binding of drug by a net change of 6.8% (percentage increase in fdf, 8.8%) at 277.5 micromol/l;
drug diminished binding of drug by a net change of 9.9% (percentage increase in fdf, 21.2%) at 1732 micromol/l.
coingestion of drug with drug, other drug with drug, and other drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of drug with other drug, drug with drug, and other drug with drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of drug with other drug, other drug with drug, and other drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of drug with other drug, other drug with drug, and drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of drug with other drug, other drug with drug, and other drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with drug, drug with other drug, and other drug with drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with drug, other drug with other drug, and other drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with drug, other drug with other drug, and drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with drug, other drug with other drug, and other drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with other drug, drug with other drug, and other drug with drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with other drug, drug with other drug, and drug with drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with other drug, drug with other drug, and other drug with drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with other drug, other drug with other drug, and drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with other drug, other drug with other drug, and other drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
coingestion of other drug with other drug, other drug with other drug, and drug with other drug at high to toxic concentrations decreases the binding of the target drug.
the serum concentration of drug increased dramatically from 16.6 to 49.1 microg/ml when drug was coadministered, although the daily dosage of drug and other other drug had not changed.
the serum concentration of drug increased dramatically from 16.6 to 49.1 microg/ml when other drug was coadministered, although the daily dosage of drug and other other drug had not changed.
the serum concentration of drug increased dramatically from 16.6 to 49.1 microg/ml when other drug was coadministered, although the daily dosage of drug and other drug had not changed.
the serum concentration of other drug increased dramatically from 16.6 to 49.1 microg/ml when drug was coadministered, although the daily dosage of other drug and other other drug had not changed.
the serum concentration of other drug increased dramatically from 16.6 to 49.1 microg/ml when drug was coadministered, although the daily dosage of other drug and other drug had not changed.
the serum concentration of other drug increased dramatically from 16.6 to 49.1 microg/ml when other drug was coadministered, although the daily dosage of other drug and other drug had not changed.
during drug and fluvoxamine treatment, ataxia, a typical side effect of drug, was observed.
the genotypes of drug and 2c19, the enzymes responsible for phenytoin metabolism, were homozygous for the wild-type alleles (drug*1/*1 and 2c19*1/ *1).
the interaction may be a result of inhibition of both drug and 2c19 by drug.
here we show that a combination of drug or 3,7-dihydroxyflavone with drug may be used to sensitize resistant strains of enterococcus faecalis and enterococcus faecium to the level of drug-sensitive strains.
drug and drug exert additive ocular and renal vasodilator effects on healthy humans.
aims/hypothesis: there is evidence that drug and drug cause renal and ocular vasodilation.
haemodynamic effects of drug and drug were additive when other drug was co-administered but not under basal conditions.
haemodynamic effects of drug and other drug were additive when drug was co-administered but not under basal conditions.
haemodynamic effects of other drug and drug were additive when drug was co-administered but not under basal conditions.
conclusions/interpretation: drug and drug can exert additive vasodilator properties on renal and ocular circulation.
lack of interaction between drug and drug: pharmacokinetics and drug disposition.
previous studies have demonstrated a significant reduction in the oral bioavailability of drug and drug when administered concomitantly with an intravenous other drug such as other drug.
previous studies have demonstrated a significant reduction in the oral bioavailability of drug and other drug when administered concomitantly with an intravenous drug such as other drug.
previous studies have demonstrated a significant reduction in the oral bioavailability of drug and other drug when administered concomitantly with an intravenous other drug such as drug.
previous studies have demonstrated a significant reduction in the oral bioavailability of other drug and drug when administered concomitantly with an intravenous drug such as other drug.
previous studies have demonstrated a significant reduction in the oral bioavailability of other drug and drug when administered concomitantly with an intravenous other drug such as drug.
previous studies have demonstrated a significant reduction in the oral bioavailability of other drug and other drug when administered concomitantly with an intravenous drug such as drug.
this decrease in absorption results in a 36% and 50% lower auc for drug and drug, respectively, which could cause clinical failures.
the authors investigated the possibility of a similar interaction between drug and drug.
1 hour after starting the drug or drug 500 mg p.o.
there was not a significant difference (p > 0.05) in auc (48.59 +/- 8.52 vs. 49.9 +/- 9.93), cmax (7.73 +/- 2.6 vs. 6.6 +/- 2.0), and tmax (1.1 +/- 0.6 vs. 1.6 +/- 1.1) for drug versus drug/other drug regimens.
there was not a significant difference (p > 0.05) in auc (48.59 +/- 8.52 vs. 49.9 +/- 9.93), cmax (7.73 +/- 2.6 vs. 6.6 +/- 2.0), and tmax (1.1 +/- 0.6 vs. 1.6 +/- 1.1) for drug versus drug/drug regimens.
there was not a significant difference (p > 0.05) in auc (48.59 +/- 8.52 vs. 49.9 +/- 9.93), cmax (7.73 +/- 2.6 vs. 6.6 +/- 2.0), and tmax (1.1 +/- 0.6 vs. 1.6 +/- 1.1) for other drug versus other drug/drug regimens.
it was concluded that oral drug and drug can be administered concomitantly without a significant decrease in auc, cmax, or tmax.
lack of an effect of drug on the disposition of drug and other drug in hiv-infected patients.
lack of an effect of drug on the disposition of other drug and drug in hiv-infected patients.
lack of an effect of other drug on the disposition of drug and drug in hiv-infected patients.
two studies were conducted in hiv-infected subjects to assess the potential for drug to interact with drug and other drug.
two studies were conducted in hiv-infected subjects to assess the potential for drug to interact with other drug and drug.
two studies were conducted in hiv-infected subjects to assess the potential for other drug to interact with drug and drug.
the drug study dosed subjects with 1200 mg/day of drug (n = 7) (later changed to 600 mg/day [n = 5]) for days 8 to 21 of a 21-day course of 100 mg, five times/day of drug.
the drug study dosed subjects with 1200 mg/day of other drug (n = 7) (later changed to 600 mg/day [n = 5]) for days 8 to 21 of a 21-day course of 100 mg, five times/day of drug.
the other drug study dosed subjects with 1200 mg/day of drug (n = 7) (later changed to 600 mg/day [n = 5]) for days 8 to 21 of a 21-day course of 100 mg, five times/day of other drug.
subjects treated with 200 mg of drug twice daily for 21 days received 1200 mg of drug or an equivalent amount of placebo/day for days 8 to 21.
drug plasma and urine sampling were conducted on days 1, 7, and 21 for drug and on days 7 and 21 for other drug.
drug plasma and urine sampling were conducted on days 1, 7, and 21 for other drug and on days 7 and 21 for drug.
other drug plasma and urine sampling were conducted on days 1, 7, and 21 for drug and on days 7 and 21 for drug.
drug had no significant impact on the cmax and auc of drug, although it significantly decreased the drug tmax by 44% and increased the intracellular exposure to phosphorylated drug by 110%.
drug had no significant impact on the cmax and auc of other drug, although it significantly decreased the other drug tmax by 44% and increased the intracellular exposure to phosphorylated other drug by 110%.
drug had no significant impact on the cmax and auc of other drug, although it significantly decreased the other drug tmax by 44% and increased the intracellular exposure to phosphorylated other drug by 110%.
other drug had no significant impact on the cmax and auc of drug, although it significantly decreased the drug tmax by 44% and increased the intracellular exposure to phosphorylated drug by 110%.
other drug had no significant impact on the cmax and auc of drug, although it significantly decreased the drug tmax by 44% and increased the intracellular exposure to phosphorylated drug by 110%.
other drug had no significant impact on the cmax and auc of other drug, although it significantly decreased the other drug tmax by 44% and increased the intracellular exposure to phosphorylated other drug by 110%.
drug had no significant effect on drug pharmacokinetics.
based on the results of these studies, it is concluded that drug may be safely coadministered with both drug and other drug.
based on the results of these studies, it is concluded that drug may be safely coadministered with both other drug and drug.
based on the results of these studies, it is concluded that other drug may be safely coadministered with both drug and drug.
effect of drug and drug on the antinociceptive effect of other drug, other drug and other drug in mice.
effect of drug and other drug on the antinociceptive effect of drug, other drug and other drug in mice.
effect of drug and other drug on the antinociceptive effect of other drug, drug and other drug in mice.
effect of drug and other drug on the antinociceptive effect of other drug, other drug and drug in mice.
effect of other drug and drug on the antinociceptive effect of drug, other drug and other drug in mice.
effect of other drug and drug on the antinociceptive effect of other drug, drug and other drug in mice.
effect of other drug and drug on the antinociceptive effect of other drug, other drug and drug in mice.
effect of other drug and other drug on the antinociceptive effect of drug, drug and other drug in mice.
effect of other drug and other drug on the antinociceptive effect of drug, other drug and drug in mice.
effect of other drug and other drug on the antinociceptive effect of other drug, drug and drug in mice.
the influence of drug and drug on antinociceptive effect of other drug (10 mg/kg), other drug (500 mg/kg) and other drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of drug and other drug on antinociceptive effect of drug (10 mg/kg), other drug (500 mg/kg) and other drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of drug and other drug on antinociceptive effect of other drug (10 mg/kg), drug (500 mg/kg) and other drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of drug and other drug on antinociceptive effect of other drug (10 mg/kg), other drug (500 mg/kg) and drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of other drug and drug on antinociceptive effect of drug (10 mg/kg), other drug (500 mg/kg) and other drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of other drug and drug on antinociceptive effect of other drug (10 mg/kg), drug (500 mg/kg) and other drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of other drug and drug on antinociceptive effect of other drug (10 mg/kg), other drug (500 mg/kg) and drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of other drug and other drug on antinociceptive effect of drug (10 mg/kg), drug (500 mg/kg) and other drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of other drug and other drug on antinociceptive effect of drug (10 mg/kg), other drug (500 mg/kg) and drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
the influence of other drug and other drug on antinociceptive effect of other drug (10 mg/kg), drug (500 mg/kg) and drug (10 mg/kg) was investigated in a mouse model using the tail-flick and hot-plate tests.
drug were administered to mice 30 min before applying the drug.
drug at doses of 0.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg injected with drug was found to decrease the antinociceptive effect of drug.
drug at doses of 0.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg injected with other drug was found to decrease the antinociceptive effect of other drug.
other drug at doses of 0.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg injected with drug was found to decrease the antinociceptive effect of drug.
similarly, drug decreased the antinociceptive effect of drug (only in the tail-flick test) and other drug.
similarly, drug decreased the antinociceptive effect of other drug (only in the tail-flick test) and drug.
similarly, other drug decreased the antinociceptive effect of drug (only in the tail-flick test) and drug.
drug used at doses of 1.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg decreased the antinociceptive effect of drug, other drug (only in the tail-flick test) and other drug.
drug used at doses of 1.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg decreased the antinociceptive effect of other drug, drug (only in the tail-flick test) and other drug.
drug used at doses of 1.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg decreased the antinociceptive effect of other drug, other drug (only in the tail-flick test) and drug.
other drug used at doses of 1.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg decreased the antinociceptive effect of drug, drug (only in the tail-flick test) and other drug.
other drug used at doses of 1.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg decreased the antinociceptive effect of drug, other drug (only in the tail-flick test) and drug.
other drug used at doses of 1.25 mg/kg and 2.5 mg/kg decreased the antinociceptive effect of other drug, drug (only in the tail-flick test) and drug.
influence of drug and drug on the sensitivity of rat thoracic aorta to other drug.
influence of drug and other drug on the sensitivity of rat thoracic aorta to drug.
influence of other drug and drug on the sensitivity of rat thoracic aorta to drug.
the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of low and high doses of drug, and of drug on the response to other drug in rat thoracic aorta.
the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of low and high doses of drug, and of other drug on the response to drug in rat thoracic aorta.
the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of low and high doses of other drug, and of drug on the response to drug in rat thoracic aorta.
injection of vehicle (corn oil, 0.1 ml/day), drug (10 microg/kg/day or 4 mg/kg/day) and/or drug (20 mg/kg/day), for eight days.
aortic rings with intact endothelium from the high-dose (4 mg/kg/day) drug group were supersensitive to drug compared to the vehicle or low-dose (10 microg/kg/day) drug groups (pd2 values = 7.86+/-0.09, 7.30+/-0.11 and 7.35+/-0.04, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-drug rats were supersensitive to drug when compared to vehicle-, other drug- and other drug + high-drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-drug rats were supersensitive to other drug when compared to vehicle-, drug- and drug + high-drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-drug rats were supersensitive to other drug when compared to vehicle-, other drug- and other drug + high-drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-drug rats were supersensitive to other drug when compared to vehicle-, other drug- and other drug + high-drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-other drug rats were supersensitive to drug when compared to vehicle-, drug- and drug + high-other drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-other drug rats were supersensitive to drug when compared to vehicle-, other drug- and other drug + high-other drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-other drug rats were supersensitive to drug when compared to vehicle-, other drug- and other drug + high-other drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-other drug rats were supersensitive to other drug when compared to vehicle-, drug- and drug + high-other drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-other drug rats were supersensitive to other drug when compared to vehicle-, drug- and drug + high-other drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
endothelium-intact aortic rings from high-other drug rats were supersensitive to other drug when compared to vehicle-, other drug- and other drug + high-other drug-treated rats (pd2 values = 7.77+/-0.12, 7.21+/-0.13, 6.93+/-0.04 and 7.22+/-0.18, respectively).
since the arrival of oral drug, patients want to know how safe sexual activity is in cardiovascular disease in general and during use of drug in particular.
drug is contraindicated in patients using drug or who may need to use other drug, because the combination may cause a sharp fall of the blood pressure.
drug is contraindicated in patients using other drug or who may need to use drug, because the combination may cause a sharp fall of the blood pressure.
other drug is contraindicated in patients using drug or who may need to use drug, because the combination may cause a sharp fall of the blood pressure.
no interactions have been observed with drug, drug, thiazide and other drug and other drug.
no interactions have been observed with drug, other drug, thiazide and other drug and other drug.
no interactions have been observed with drug, other drug, thiazide and drug and other drug.
no interactions have been observed with drug, other drug, thiazide and other drug and drug.
no interactions have been observed with other drug, drug, thiazide and other drug and other drug.
no interactions have been observed with other drug, drug, thiazide and drug and other drug.
no interactions have been observed with other drug, drug, thiazide and other drug and drug.
no interactions have been observed with other drug, other drug, thiazide and drug and other drug.
no interactions have been observed with other drug, other drug, thiazide and other drug and drug.
no interactions have been observed with other drug, other drug, thiazide and drug and drug.
influence of coadministration of drug on drug pharmacokinetics and qtc intervals in healthy volunteers.
study objective: to evaluate the effect of drug on the pharmacokinetics and cardiovascular safety of drug at steady state in healthy men.
and phase 3 (days 45-52): drug 10 mg 4 times/day (days 45-51) plus drug 20 mg/day (days 45-52).
coadministration of drug significantly decreased drug plasma concentrations.
there were no clinically significant changes in corrected qt intervals during administration of drug alone or with drug.
drug was well tolerated when administered alone or with drug.
conclusion: drug can be administered safely to patients receiving low therapeutic dosages of drug.
drug, a drug, is a other drug which has proven efficacy against the positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
drug, a other drug, is a drug which has proven efficacy against the positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
other drug, a drug, is a drug which has proven efficacy against the positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
in large, well controlled trials in patients with schizophrenia or related psychoses, drug 5 to 20 mg/day was significantly superior to drug 5 to 20 mg/day in overall improvements in psychopathology rating scales and in the treatment of depressive and negative symptoms, and was comparable in effects on positive psychotic symptoms.
the 1-year risk of relapse (rehospitalisation) was significantly lower with drug than with drug treatment.
in the first double-blind comparative study (28-week) of drug and drug, drug 10 to 20 mg/day proved to be significantly more effective than drug 4 to 12 mg/day in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms but not on overall psychopathology symptoms.
in the first double-blind comparative study (28-week) of drug and other drug, drug 10 to 20 mg/day proved to be significantly more effective than other drug 4 to 12 mg/day in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms but not on overall psychopathology symptoms.
in the first double-blind comparative study (28-week) of drug and other drug, drug 10 to 20 mg/day proved to be significantly more effective than other drug 4 to 12 mg/day in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms but not on overall psychopathology symptoms.
in the first double-blind comparative study (28-week) of other drug and drug, other drug 10 to 20 mg/day proved to be significantly more effective than drug 4 to 12 mg/day in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms but not on overall psychopathology symptoms.
in the first double-blind comparative study (28-week) of other drug and drug, other drug 10 to 20 mg/day proved to be significantly more effective than drug 4 to 12 mg/day in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms but not on overall psychopathology symptoms.
in the first double-blind comparative study (28-week) of other drug and other drug, other drug 10 to 20 mg/day proved to be significantly more effective than other drug 4 to 12 mg/day in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms but not on overall psychopathology symptoms.
in contrast, preliminary results from an 8-week controlled study suggested drug 2 to 6 mg/day was superior to drug 5 to 20 mg/day against positive and anxiety/depressive symptoms (p < 0.05), although consistent with the first study, both agents demonstrated similar efficacy on measures of overall psychopathology.
improvements in general cognitive function seen with drug treatment in a 1-year controlled study of patients with early-phase schizophrenia, were significantly greater than changes seen with either drug or other drug.
improvements in general cognitive function seen with drug treatment in a 1-year controlled study of patients with early-phase schizophrenia, were significantly greater than changes seen with either other drug or drug.
improvements in general cognitive function seen with other drug treatment in a 1-year controlled study of patients with early-phase schizophrenia, were significantly greater than changes seen with either drug or drug.
however, preliminary results from an 8-week trial showed comparable cognitive enhancing effects of drug and drug treatment in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder.
several studies indicate that drug has benefits against symptoms of aggression and agitation, while other studies strongly support the effectiveness of drug in the treatment of depressive symptomatology.
drug is associated with significantly fewer extrapyramidal symptoms than drug and other drug.
drug is associated with significantly fewer extrapyramidal symptoms than other drug and drug.
other drug is associated with significantly fewer extrapyramidal symptoms than drug and drug.
in addition, drug is not associated with a risk of agranulocytosis as seen with drug or clinically significant hyperprolactinaemia as seen with other drug or prolongation of the qt interval.
in addition, drug is not associated with a risk of agranulocytosis as seen with other drug or clinically significant hyperprolactinaemia as seen with drug or prolongation of the qt interval.
in addition, other drug is not associated with a risk of agranulocytosis as seen with drug or clinically significant hyperprolactinaemia as seen with drug or prolongation of the qt interval.
in comparison with drug, the adverse events reported significantly more frequently with drug in > or = 3.5% of patients were dry mouth, bodyweight gain and increased appetite and compared with other drug, only bodyweight gain occurred significantly more frequently with drug.
in comparison with drug, the adverse events reported significantly more frequently with other drug in > or = 3.5% of patients were dry mouth, bodyweight gain and increased appetite and compared with drug, only bodyweight gain occurred significantly more frequently with other drug.
in comparison with drug, the adverse events reported significantly more frequently with other drug in > or = 3.5% of patients were dry mouth, bodyweight gain and increased appetite and compared with other drug, only bodyweight gain occurred significantly more frequently with other drug.
in comparison with other drug, the adverse events reported significantly more frequently with drug in > or = 3.5% of patients were dry mouth, bodyweight gain and increased appetite and compared with drug, only bodyweight gain occurred significantly more frequently with drug.
in comparison with other drug, the adverse events reported significantly more frequently with drug in > or = 3.5% of patients were dry mouth, bodyweight gain and increased appetite and compared with other drug, only bodyweight gain occurred significantly more frequently with drug.
in comparison with other drug, the adverse events reported significantly more frequently with other drug in > or = 3.5% of patients were dry mouth, bodyweight gain and increased appetite and compared with drug, only bodyweight gain occurred significantly more frequently with other drug.
pharmacoeconomic analyses indicate that drug does not significantly increase, and may even decrease, the overall direct treatment costs of schizophrenia, compared with drug.
compared with drug, drug has also been reported to decrease overall treatment costs, despite the several-fold higher daily acquisition cost of the drug.
drug treatment improves quality of life in patients with schizophrenia and related psychoses to a greater extent than drug, and to broadly the same extent as other drug.
drug treatment improves quality of life in patients with schizophrenia and related psychoses to a greater extent than other drug, and to broadly the same extent as drug.
other drug treatment improves quality of life in patients with schizophrenia and related psychoses to a greater extent than drug, and to broadly the same extent as drug.
conclusions: drug demonstrated superior antipsychotic efficacy compared with drug in the treatment of acute phase schizophrenia, and in the treatment of some patients with first-episode or treatment-resistant schizophrenia.
the reduced risk of adverse events and therapeutic superiority compared with drug and drug in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms support the choice of other drug as a first-line option in the management of schizophrenia in the acute phase and for the maintenance of treatment response.
the reduced risk of adverse events and therapeutic superiority compared with drug and other drug in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms support the choice of drug as a first-line option in the management of schizophrenia in the acute phase and for the maintenance of treatment response.
the reduced risk of adverse events and therapeutic superiority compared with other drug and drug in the treatment of negative and depressive symptoms support the choice of drug as a first-line option in the management of schizophrenia in the acute phase and for the maintenance of treatment response.
the emerging roles of drug in drug therapy.
the availability of potent drug (drug)-based regimens for other drug therapy and concerns regarding other drug (other drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent drug (other drug)-based regimens for drug therapy and concerns regarding other drug (other drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent drug (other drug)-based regimens for other drug therapy and concerns regarding drug (other drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent drug (other drug)-based regimens for other drug therapy and concerns regarding other drug (drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent other drug (drug)-based regimens for drug therapy and concerns regarding other drug (other drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent other drug (drug)-based regimens for other drug therapy and concerns regarding drug (other drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent other drug (drug)-based regimens for other drug therapy and concerns regarding other drug (drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent other drug (other drug)-based regimens for drug therapy and concerns regarding drug (other drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent other drug (other drug)-based regimens for drug therapy and concerns regarding other drug (drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
the availability of potent other drug (other drug)-based regimens for other drug therapy and concerns regarding drug (drug)-related metabolic disturbances have led to significant shifts in treatment practices in hiv infection.
drug-based regimens may have several advantages over drug-based therapy for initial or prolonged therapy, including more convenient administration regimens, lower tablet volume, fewer drug interactions, and central nervous system penetration.
no data from prospective clinical trials currently exist comparing the 3 approved agents (drug, drug or other drug).
no data from prospective clinical trials currently exist comparing the 3 approved agents (drug, other drug or drug).
no data from prospective clinical trials currently exist comparing the 3 approved agents (other drug, drug or drug).
both drug and drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with drug regimens and superiority observed with drug.
both drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with drug.
both drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with drug.
both drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with drug.
both drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with drug.
both other drug and drug have been compared to triple therapy with the drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the drug drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
both other drug and other drug have been compared to triple therapy with the other drug other drug over 48 weeks as initial therapy, with similar responses being observed with other drug regimens and superiority observed with other drug.
a smaller 24-week study has suggested drug may be superior to the drug other drug.
a smaller 24-week study has suggested drug may be superior to the other drug drug.
a smaller 24-week study has suggested other drug may be superior to the drug drug.
limited comparative data in patients with high viral loads treated with drug- or drug-based regimens currently exist.
the superiority of drug over drug-based regimens has been observed in comparative data in a subset of patients with high viral loads.
drug has demonstrated superiority over drug in nucleoside-experienced patients, although combining these 2 agents may represent the best approach in these circumstances.
methods: clinical studies, case reports, and commentaries and editorials concerning drug published in the international literature between january 1999 and august 2000 were identified through searches of medline, premedline, and international pharmaceutical abstracts, using the terms drug, other drug, and erectile dysfunction.
methods: clinical studies, case reports, and commentaries and editorials concerning drug published in the international literature between january 1999 and august 2000 were identified through searches of medline, premedline, and international pharmaceutical abstracts, using the terms drug, drug, and erectile dysfunction.
methods: clinical studies, case reports, and commentaries and editorials concerning other drug published in the international literature between january 1999 and august 2000 were identified through searches of medline, premedline, and international pharmaceutical abstracts, using the terms other drug, drug, and erectile dysfunction.
results: drug has demonstrated effectiveness in men with erectile dysfunction associated with prostatectomy, radiation therapy, diabetes mellitus, certain neurologic disorders, and drug therapy (eg, drug [other drug]).
results: drug has demonstrated effectiveness in men with erectile dysfunction associated with prostatectomy, radiation therapy, diabetes mellitus, certain neurologic disorders, and drug therapy (eg, other drug [drug]).
results: other drug has demonstrated effectiveness in men with erectile dysfunction associated with prostatectomy, radiation therapy, diabetes mellitus, certain neurologic disorders, and drug therapy (eg, drug [drug]).
however, patients with moderate to severe cardiovascular disease or those taking drug therapy are at increased risk for potentially serious cardiovascular adverse effects with drug therapy.
in addition, patients taking drugs that inhibit the cytochrome p450 3a4 isozyme, which metabolizes drug, may experience increased drug concentrations and possible toxicity from normal doses of drug.
acute drug administration does not affect subjective responses to drug in humans.
however, the effects of stress and drug on the subjective and behavioral effects of drug have not been well studied in humans.
objectives: to examine the effects of acute drug pretreatment on the subjective and behavioral effects of drug.
methods: drug (100 mg) and drug (20 mg) were administered orally to 16 healthy male and female volunteers in a four-session, placebo-controlled, within-subject, crossover design.
however, drug pretreatment did not affect any of the physiological, behavioral, or subjective effects of drug.
conclusions: in contrast to the effects of drug in rodent studies, these results indicate that an acute increase in cortisol does not enhance the psychostimulant effects of drug in humans.
the effects of drug and of drug anesthesia on other drug tolerance in dogs.
the effects of drug and of other drug anesthesia on drug tolerance in dogs.
the effects of other drug and of drug anesthesia on drug tolerance in dogs.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with drug.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, other drug, or drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with drug or other drug than with drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with drug or drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, drug, or drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, drug, or other drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with other drug or other drug than with drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or drug than with drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with other drug or drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or other drug than with other drug.
in a comparison of other drug tolerance in dogs anesthetized with other drug, other drug, or other drug, the dosage of other drug needed to cause ventricular tachycardia was significantly higher, as was the ld50 of other drug, with other drug or drug than with other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of drug, other drug, or other drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, drug, or other drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, other drug, or drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, other drug, or other drug but not after administration of drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, other drug, or other drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of drug, drug, or other drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of drug, other drug, or drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of drug, other drug, or other drug but not after administration of drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of drug, other drug, or other drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, drug, or drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, drug, or other drug but not after administration of drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, drug, or other drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, other drug, or drug but not after administration of drug alone or after other drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, other drug, or drug but not after administration of other drug alone or after drug.
ventricular tachycardia induced by other drug was generally converted to sinus rhythm following administration of other drug, other drug, or other drug but not after administration of drug alone or after drug.
interaction of drug and drug in vitro.
the minimal inhibitory concentrations of drug and drug alone and in combinations were determined by a microdilution method for 163 aerobic, facultative, and anaerobic clinical isolates.
drug did not interfere with the activity of drug within the range of concentrations tested (0.1 to 100 mug/ml);
combinations of drug and drug were indifferent for 29 strains and synergistic for 33 strains.
all 20 strains of enterococcus, three strains of clostridium, three strains of escherichia coli, and one strain of proteus rettgeri were resistant to both drug (minimal inhibitory concentration greater than 3.1 mug/ml) and drug (minimal inhibitory concentration greater than 6.2 mug/ml).
combinations of drug and drug were indifferent for 16 and synergistic for 11 of the resistant strains.
molecular basis for the selective toxicity of drug for yeast and drug for animal cells.
among the drug, many, like drug, cannot be used clinically because they are toxic;
both the toxicity of drug and the therapeutic value of drug can be rationalized at the cellular and molecular level by the following observations: (i) these other drug showed differential effects on cells;
both the toxicity of drug and the therapeutic value of other drug can be rationalized at the cellular and molecular level by the following observations: (i) these drug showed differential effects on cells;
both the toxicity of other drug and the therapeutic value of drug can be rationalized at the cellular and molecular level by the following observations: (i) these drug showed differential effects on cells;
drug was more potent in lysing human red blood cells, whereas drug was more potent in inhibiting yeast cell growth;
and (ii) the effects of drug were more efficiently inhibited by added cholesterol, the major membrane sterol in human cells, whereas the effects of drug were more efficiently inhibited by ergosterol, the major membrane sterol in yeast.
studies on the mechanism of action of drug: effect of drug on respiration and cell permeability of candida albicans.
the drug, drug, inhibits the growth of several species of candida.
effect of drug on the apparent volume of distribution and elimination of drug.
(1968, 1970), the higher serum concentrations of drug and drug reached after administration of other drug are due not only to slower renal elimination but also to an altered distribution in the body.
(1968, 1970), the higher serum concentrations of drug and other drug reached after administration of drug are due not only to slower renal elimination but also to an altered distribution in the body.
(1968, 1970), the higher serum concentrations of other drug and drug reached after administration of drug are due not only to slower renal elimination but also to an altered distribution in the body.
to determine whether drug has a direct effect on the distribution of drug, the elimination and distribution of drug was studied in six patients, five lacking kidney function and one with a partially impaired renal function, in the presence or absence of drug.
to determine whether drug has a direct effect on the distribution of other drug, the elimination and distribution of other drug was studied in six patients, five lacking kidney function and one with a partially impaired renal function, in the presence or absence of drug.
to determine whether drug has a direct effect on the distribution of other drug, the elimination and distribution of other drug was studied in six patients, five lacking kidney function and one with a partially impaired renal function, in the presence or absence of drug.
to determine whether other drug has a direct effect on the distribution of drug, the elimination and distribution of drug was studied in six patients, five lacking kidney function and one with a partially impaired renal function, in the presence or absence of other drug.
to determine whether other drug has a direct effect on the distribution of drug, the elimination and distribution of drug was studied in six patients, five lacking kidney function and one with a partially impaired renal function, in the presence or absence of other drug.
to determine whether other drug has a direct effect on the distribution of other drug, the elimination and distribution of other drug was studied in six patients, five lacking kidney function and one with a partially impaired renal function, in the presence or absence of other drug.
no significant difference was found between the mean values of the volume of distribution of drug with and without drug (13.0 and 12.6 liters, respectively).
this might be explained by a blockade by drug of the elimination of drug by the liver.
many people use both drug and drug (i.e., cigarettes and other tobacco products).
the initiation of drug or drug use may be precipitated by similar personality characteristics in the user, such as impulsivity and sensation seeking.
moreover, the mechanisms underlying the development of dependence may be similar for drug and drug.
[dose-time effects of competitive displacement of drug by drug following oral and intravenous administration] the effect of various doses of drug in several dose fractions on the extent and the time scale of displacement of drug, in dependence on application mode, was studied.
[dose-time effects of competitive displacement of drug by other drug following oral and intravenous administration] the effect of various doses of other drug in several dose fractions on the extent and the time scale of displacement of drug, in dependence on application mode, was studied.
[dose-time effects of competitive displacement of drug by other drug following oral and intravenous administration] the effect of various doses of other drug in several dose fractions on the extent and the time scale of displacement of drug, in dependence on application mode, was studied.
[dose-time effects of competitive displacement of other drug by drug following oral and intravenous administration] the effect of various doses of drug in several dose fractions on the extent and the time scale of displacement of other drug, in dependence on application mode, was studied.
[dose-time effects of competitive displacement of other drug by drug following oral and intravenous administration] the effect of various doses of drug in several dose fractions on the extent and the time scale of displacement of other drug, in dependence on application mode, was studied.
[dose-time effects of competitive displacement of other drug by other drug following oral and intravenous administration] the effect of various doses of other drug in several dose fractions on the extent and the time scale of displacement of other drug, in dependence on application mode, was studied.
an intravenous dose of 50 mg drug was in respect of competitive suppression of organs actively concentrating drug as effective as intravenous 1000 mg clo-4- simultaneously or 1000 mg orally 30 min before the injection of radiodrug.
an intravenous dose of 50 mg drug was in respect of competitive suppression of organs actively concentrating other drug as effective as intravenous 1000 mg clo-4- simultaneously or 1000 mg orally 30 min before the injection of radioother drug.
an intravenous dose of 50 mg other drug was in respect of competitive suppression of organs actively concentrating drug as effective as intravenous 1000 mg clo-4- simultaneously or 1000 mg orally 30 min before the injection of radiodrug.
an intravenous injection of drug given later also produces a complete and immediately beginning depletion of drug already accumulated in the thyroid, within a period of 195 min after 99m-tco-4-injection with a corresponding increase in blood levels.
drug: mammalian target of drug inhibitor to prevent kidney rejection.
drug works differently from the drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with other drug or other drug.
drug works differently from the other drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with other drug or other drug.
drug works differently from the other drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with drug or other drug.
drug works differently from the other drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with other drug or drug.
other drug works differently from the drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of other drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with other drug or other drug.
other drug works differently from the drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of other drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with drug or other drug.
other drug works differently from the drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of other drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with other drug or drug.
other drug works differently from the other drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of other drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with drug or other drug.
other drug works differently from the other drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of other drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with other drug or drug.
other drug works differently from the other drug currently available, and except for increased lipid levels, the adverse reaction profile of other drug does not appear to overlap to any great extent with that associated with drug or drug.
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that drug, in combination with drug or other drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in drug or other drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that drug, in combination with other drug or drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in other drug or drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that drug, in combination with other drug or other drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in other drug or other drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that drug, in combination with other drug or other drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in other drug or other drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that other drug, in combination with drug or drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in drug or drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that other drug, in combination with drug or other drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in drug or other drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that other drug, in combination with drug or other drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in drug or other drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that other drug, in combination with other drug or drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in other drug or drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that other drug, in combination with other drug or drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in other drug or drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
while additional research is needed, the initial clinical data in kidney recipients suggest that other drug, in combination with other drug or other drug, might have the potential to reduce the frequency of rejection episodes, permit reductions in other drug or other drug dosage, and permit steroid withdrawal (kelly, 1999).
the effects of drug, drug and other drug on bar-press behavior in normal and genetically nervous dogs.
the effects of drug, other drug and drug on bar-press behavior in normal and genetically nervous dogs.
the effects of other drug, drug and drug on bar-press behavior in normal and genetically nervous dogs.
studies on two strains of pointer dogs have demonstrated that administration of a drug (drug) facilitates acquisition of goal-directed behavior in "genetically nervous"
the concomitant administration of either drug or drug, compounds which inhibit neuronal reuptake of norepinephrine, disrupts the behavioral response of the genetically nervous e-strain subjects to a far greater extent than the stable a-strain subjects.
drug is the first drug to be approved for clinical use, and has been studied extensively in humans since 1986.
it is structurally distinct from the other currently available drug (drug, other drug, and other drug), leading to unique biopharmaceutical properties relative to the other agents of this class.
it is structurally distinct from the other currently available drug (other drug, drug, and other drug), leading to unique biopharmaceutical properties relative to the other agents of this class.
it is structurally distinct from the other currently available drug (other drug, other drug, and drug), leading to unique biopharmaceutical properties relative to the other agents of this class.
it is structurally distinct from the other currently available other drug (drug, drug, and other drug), leading to unique biopharmaceutical properties relative to the other agents of this class.
it is structurally distinct from the other currently available other drug (drug, other drug, and drug), leading to unique biopharmaceutical properties relative to the other agents of this class.
it is structurally distinct from the other currently available other drug (other drug, drug, and drug), leading to unique biopharmaceutical properties relative to the other agents of this class.
drug, an anionic-binding resin, has a considerable effect in lowering the rate and extent of drug bioavailability.
although this effect was noted even when drug was given 4 hours prior to drug, this regimen did not result in diminished efficacy.
further, no effects on either drug levels or prothrombin times were observed in a study involving concomitant administration of drug and other drug.
further, no effects on either drug levels or prothrombin times were observed in a study involving concomitant administration of drug and drug.
further, no effects on either other drug levels or prothrombin times were observed in a study involving concomitant administration of other drug and drug.
moreover, additional interaction studies with drug and drug have not demonstrated any effect on other drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving other drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of other drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with drug and other drug have not demonstrated any effect on drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving other drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of other drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with drug and other drug have not demonstrated any effect on other drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with drug and other drug have not demonstrated any effect on other drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving other drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of other drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with other drug and drug have not demonstrated any effect on drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving other drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of other drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with other drug and drug have not demonstrated any effect on other drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with other drug and drug have not demonstrated any effect on other drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving other drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of other drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with other drug and other drug have not demonstrated any effect on drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with other drug and other drug have not demonstrated any effect on drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving other drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of other drug relative to control data.
moreover, additional interaction studies with other drug and other drug have not demonstrated any effect on other drug plasma levels, and administration to a patient population chronically receiving drug resulted in no difference in the extent of bioavailability of drug relative to control data.
the literature provides considerable evidence indicating that several, but not all drug, are indeed drug and some are other drug as well.
the literature provides considerable evidence indicating that several, but not all drug, are indeed other drug and some are drug as well.
the literature provides considerable evidence indicating that several, but not all other drug, are indeed drug and some are drug as well.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, and drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, drug, other drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, and drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, drug, and other drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, and drug.
those for which effectiveness is reported includes other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, and drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of drug, other drug, other drug and other drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, drug, other drug and other drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, other drug, drug and other drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, other drug, other drug and drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, other drug, other drug and other drug and reduces the action of drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of drug, drug, other drug and other drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of drug, other drug, drug and other drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of drug, other drug, other drug and drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of drug, other drug, other drug and other drug and reduces the action of drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, drug, drug and other drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, drug, other drug and drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, drug, other drug and other drug and reduces the action of drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, other drug, drug and drug and reduces the action of other drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, other drug, drug and other drug and reduces the action of drug.
[the gaba-ergic system and brain edema] it has been shown in rats with experimental toxic and traumatic edemas that other drug (1 mg/kg) removes the antiedematous action of other drug, other drug, other drug and drug and reduces the action of drug.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
[stimulation by other drug--an analog of the octapeptide cholecystokinin--of other drug binding after the long-term administration of other drug] it has been established in experiments on white male rats that prolonged administration (twice a day for 14 days) of other drug (0.25 mg/kg) and other drug (0.25 mg/kg) resulted in the reduced interaction between other drug and low affinity binding sites for other drug in subcortical structures, whereas other drug binding with high affinity binding sites for other drug increased both in the frontal cortex and subcortical structures of the forebrain.
after prolonged administration of drug the displacing effect of drug, an analog of cholecystokinin octapeptide, was replaced by the stimulant action on other drug binding.
after prolonged administration of drug the displacing effect of other drug, an analog of cholecystokinin octapeptide, was replaced by the stimulant action on drug binding.
after prolonged administration of other drug the displacing effect of drug, an analog of cholecystokinin octapeptide, was replaced by the stimulant action on drug binding.
it is assumed that increased interaction between drug and high affinity binding sites for drug on dopamine2- and serotonin2-receptors underlies the antipsychotic action of other drug after their prolonged administration.
it is assumed that increased interaction between drug and high affinity binding sites for other drug on dopamine2- and serotonin2-receptors underlies the antipsychotic action of drug after their prolonged administration.
it is assumed that increased interaction between other drug and high affinity binding sites for drug on dopamine2- and serotonin2-receptors underlies the antipsychotic action of drug after their prolonged administration.
dual effect of drug on the drug-induced contraction and norepinephrine release in the guinea-pig vas deferens.
drug (drug), c129h223n3o54, isolated from marine coelenterates of palythoa tuberculosa, caused a first rapid contraction followed by the slow phasic contraction of guinea-pig vas deferens.
in the presence of drug (10(-5) m), drug (10(-8) m) failed to cause the first contraction;
when drug was applied to the muscle in the presence of drug, both first and second contractile responses to other drug were abolished.
when drug was applied to the muscle in the presence of other drug, both first and second contractile responses to drug were abolished.
when other drug was applied to the muscle in the presence of drug, both first and second contractile responses to drug were abolished.
exposure of the muscle to drug (10(-5) m) markedly increased the drug-induced release.
the second response is due to a release of norepinephrine from nerves and was potentiated by drug through the increase in the norepinephrine release, whereas the first response was not due to the norepinephrine release but presumably to a direct action on smooth muscle cell and was inhibited by drug.
[quantitative approach to treatment with incisive drug by therapeutic monitoring]; the problems encountered during the longterm treatment of psychotic patients with drug are illustrated by six typical case reports.
the intestinal absorption of drug(drug) has been investigated in the chick by means of the in situ ligated duodenal loop technique.
by this procedure, it was observed that drug is rapidly and essentially completely absorbed (80-95%) from the lumen at drug concentrations up to 5 mm, declining to about 50% absorption at 50 mm.
at stable drug concentrations greater than 1 mm, fractional mucosal cell accumulation of drug remains constant, while fractional transfer to the body declines.
however, total mucosal accumulation of drug and that transferred to the body increase in a linear logarithmic fashion from 0.05 to 5 mm drug.
furthermore, drug and drug do not appear to share a common transport pathway in the duodenum and no evidence was obtained for any interaction between the two at this level.
drug administration to rachitic chicks was effective in significantly elevating duodenal drug absorption, acting primarily to enhance serosal transport.
by contrast, drug (1 mm) and drug (1 mm) had no significant effect on the translocation when added alone.
drug, and to a lesser extent, drug, enhanced the translocating action of oleate and increased its effectiveness in transferring the phosphohydrolase from the soluble to the microsomal fraction.
drug, such as drug, other drug and other drug, inhibit platelet activation in vitro, and decrease platelet adhesion intravascularly.
drug, such as other drug, drug and other drug, inhibit platelet activation in vitro, and decrease platelet adhesion intravascularly.
drug, such as other drug, other drug and drug, inhibit platelet activation in vitro, and decrease platelet adhesion intravascularly.
other drug, such as drug, drug and other drug, inhibit platelet activation in vitro, and decrease platelet adhesion intravascularly.
other drug, such as drug, other drug and drug, inhibit platelet activation in vitro, and decrease platelet adhesion intravascularly.
other drug, such as other drug, drug and drug, inhibit platelet activation in vitro, and decrease platelet adhesion intravascularly.
differential actions of intrathecal drug on blocking the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug and other drug in rats.
differential actions of intrathecal drug on blocking the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular other drug and drug in rats.
differential actions of intrathecal other drug on blocking the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug and drug in rats.
the blockade of the spinal endorphinergic system by intrathecal drug on the production of tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug and other drug was then studied.
the blockade of the spinal endorphinergic system by intrathecal drug on the production of tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular other drug and drug was then studied.
the blockade of the spinal endorphinergic system by intrathecal other drug on the production of tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug and drug was then studied.
intraventricular injection of drug and drug produced an inhibition of the tail-flick response to the heat stimulus in rats.
intrathecal injection of drug at doses of 0.4 to 40 micrograms caused a dose-related blockade of the inhibition of the tail-flick response induced by intraventricular injection of drug, and a high dose of drug (40 micrograms) completely blocked the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug (16 micrograms).
intrathecal injection of drug at doses of 0.4 to 40 micrograms caused a dose-related blockade of the inhibition of the tail-flick response induced by intraventricular injection of other drug, and a high dose of drug (40 micrograms) completely blocked the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular other drug (16 micrograms).
intrathecal injection of drug at doses of 0.4 to 40 micrograms caused a dose-related blockade of the inhibition of the tail-flick response induced by intraventricular injection of other drug, and a high dose of drug (40 micrograms) completely blocked the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular other drug (16 micrograms).
intrathecal injection of other drug at doses of 0.4 to 40 micrograms caused a dose-related blockade of the inhibition of the tail-flick response induced by intraventricular injection of drug, and a high dose of other drug (40 micrograms) completely blocked the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug (16 micrograms).
intrathecal injection of other drug at doses of 0.4 to 40 micrograms caused a dose-related blockade of the inhibition of the tail-flick response induced by intraventricular injection of drug, and a high dose of other drug (40 micrograms) completely blocked the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug (16 micrograms).
intrathecal injection of other drug at doses of 0.4 to 40 micrograms caused a dose-related blockade of the inhibition of the tail-flick response induced by intraventricular injection of other drug, and a high dose of other drug (40 micrograms) completely blocked the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular other drug (16 micrograms).
on the other hand, intrathecal drug (12-120 micrograms) had only a very weak effect on the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug (40 micrograms).
intraventricular injection of drug at doses of 1.2 to 12 micrograms equally antagonized in a dose-dependent manner the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug and other drug.
intraventricular injection of drug at doses of 1.2 to 12 micrograms equally antagonized in a dose-dependent manner the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular other drug and drug.
intraventricular injection of other drug at doses of 1.2 to 12 micrograms equally antagonized in a dose-dependent manner the tail-flick inhibition induced by intraventricular drug and drug.
the results indicate that a spinal drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of drug but not other drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular drug and other drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of other drug but not drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular other drug and drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of other drug but not other drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular other drug and other drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of other drug but not other drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular other drug and other drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal other drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of drug but not drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular drug and drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal other drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of drug but not other drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular drug and other drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal other drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of drug but not other drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular drug and other drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal other drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of other drug but not drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular other drug and drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal other drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of other drug but not drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular other drug and drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
the results indicate that a spinal other drug-sensitive endorphinergic system is involved in the production of other drug but not other drug-induced tail-flick inhibition, and suggest that intraventricular other drug and other drug elicit their pharmacological actions via the activation of different descending pain inhibitory systems;
descending epsilon and mu systems for drug and drug, respectively, are proposed.
neurochemical and functional consequences following drug (drug) and other drug.
neurochemical and functional consequences following drug (other drug) and drug.
neurochemical and functional consequences following other drug (drug) and drug.
the neurochemical and functional consequences following drug administration to the rat were evaluated and compared to similar effects following drug administration.
it was observed that drug induced long lasting depletions of striatal dopamine concentrations and this neurotoxic effect could be prevented by drug pretreatment.
the drug-induced neuronal damage produced a tolerance to the disruptive effects of drug and a supersensitivity to the disruptive effects of other drug in rats responding in a schedule controlled paradigm.
the drug-induced neuronal damage produced a tolerance to the disruptive effects of other drug and a supersensitivity to the disruptive effects of drug in rats responding in a schedule controlled paradigm.
the other drug-induced neuronal damage produced a tolerance to the disruptive effects of drug and a supersensitivity to the disruptive effects of drug in rats responding in a schedule controlled paradigm.
drug, like drug, produced depletions of striatal dopamine but these actions were potentiated by other drug pretreatment.
drug, like other drug, produced depletions of striatal dopamine but these actions were potentiated by drug pretreatment.
other drug, like drug, produced depletions of striatal dopamine but these actions were potentiated by drug pretreatment.
drug and drug similarly inhibit and stimulate other drug- or other drug-induced proliferation of prostatic epithelium.
drug and other drug similarly inhibit and stimulate drug- or other drug-induced proliferation of prostatic epithelium.
drug and other drug similarly inhibit and stimulate other drug- or drug-induced proliferation of prostatic epithelium.
other drug and drug similarly inhibit and stimulate drug- or other drug-induced proliferation of prostatic epithelium.
other drug and drug similarly inhibit and stimulate other drug- or drug-induced proliferation of prostatic epithelium.
other drug and other drug similarly inhibit and stimulate drug- or drug-induced proliferation of prostatic epithelium.
prostatic epithelium proliferates in a defined medium consisting of basal medium rpmi1640 containing drug (1 microgram/ml), drug (10 ng/ml), and other drug (3.7 micrograms/ml or 0.1 iu/ml).
prostatic epithelium proliferates in a defined medium consisting of basal medium rpmi1640 containing drug (1 microgram/ml), other drug (10 ng/ml), and drug (3.7 micrograms/ml or 0.1 iu/ml).
prostatic epithelium proliferates in a defined medium consisting of basal medium rpmi1640 containing other drug (1 microgram/ml), drug (10 ng/ml), and drug (3.7 micrograms/ml or 0.1 iu/ml).
although neither drug nor drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing other drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of other drug and other drug.
although neither drug nor other drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of other drug and other drug.
although neither drug nor other drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing other drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of drug and other drug.
although neither drug nor other drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing other drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of other drug and drug.
although neither other drug nor drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of other drug and other drug.
although neither other drug nor drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing other drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of drug and other drug.
although neither other drug nor drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing other drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of other drug and drug.
although neither other drug nor other drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of drug and other drug.
although neither other drug nor other drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of other drug and drug.
although neither other drug nor other drug affected the proliferation of prostatic epithelium in rpmi1640 containing other drug alone, they modify the mitogenic effect of drug and drug.
drug at 10(-10) m or drug at about 3 x 10(-9) m inhibits proliferation stimulated by other drug.
drug at 10(-10) m or other drug at about 3 x 10(-9) m inhibits proliferation stimulated by drug.
other drug at 10(-10) m or drug at about 3 x 10(-9) m inhibits proliferation stimulated by drug.
higher concentrations of drug (10(-8) - 10(-6) m) or drug (3 x 10(-8) - 10(-7) m) enhance the mitogenic activity of other drug.
higher concentrations of drug (10(-8) - 10(-6) m) or other drug (3 x 10(-8) - 10(-7) m) enhance the mitogenic activity of drug.
higher concentrations of other drug (10(-8) - 10(-6) m) or drug (3 x 10(-8) - 10(-7) m) enhance the mitogenic activity of drug.
drug had a similar effect in the presence of drug.
however, drug stimulated, but did not significantly inhibit, proliferation in the presence of drug.
these results suggest that both drug and drug, and possibly other other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both drug and other drug, and possibly other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both drug and other drug, and possibly other other drug and drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both drug and other drug, and possibly other other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both drug and other drug, and possibly other other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and drug, and possibly other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and drug, and possibly other other drug and drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and drug, and possibly other other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and drug, and possibly other other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and other drug, and possibly other drug and drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and other drug, and possibly other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and other drug, and possibly other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and other drug, and possibly other other drug and drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of drug and other drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and other drug, and possibly other other drug and drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of other drug and drug.
these results suggest that both other drug and other drug, and possibly other other drug and other drug, may regulate the proliferation of prostate epithelium by a dose-dependent modification of the activity of drug and drug.
for the drug now available in the united states (drug, other drug and other drug), these data appeared well after clinical patterns of use evolved.
for the drug now available in the united states (other drug, drug and other drug), these data appeared well after clinical patterns of use evolved.
for the drug now available in the united states (other drug, other drug and drug), these data appeared well after clinical patterns of use evolved.
for the other drug now available in the united states (drug, drug and other drug), these data appeared well after clinical patterns of use evolved.
for the other drug now available in the united states (drug, other drug and drug), these data appeared well after clinical patterns of use evolved.
for the other drug now available in the united states (other drug, drug and drug), these data appeared well after clinical patterns of use evolved.
by the nonlinear kinetic characteristics for drug and drug (and probably for other drug, as well) and the derivative implications for decreased dosing frequency requirements;
by the nonlinear kinetic characteristics for drug and other drug (and probably for drug, as well) and the derivative implications for decreased dosing frequency requirements;
by the nonlinear kinetic characteristics for other drug and drug (and probably for drug, as well) and the derivative implications for decreased dosing frequency requirements;
selective survival in drug and drug of pseudomonas aeruginosa serotype o11 from drug addicts.
the growth of pseudomonas aeruginosa, particularly serotype o11, in drug and drug
twelve strains of staphylococcus aureus (a frequent cause of infection in drug, but not in drug and other drug, addicts) were completely inhibited by the drug combination.
twelve strains of staphylococcus aureus (a frequent cause of infection in drug, but not in other drug and drug, addicts) were completely inhibited by the drug combination.
twelve strains of staphylococcus aureus (a frequent cause of infection in other drug, but not in drug and drug, addicts) were completely inhibited by the drug combination.
dose-response curves (derived from the results of using the tablets as well as pure powders) showed that drug was responsible for the inhibitory activity, which was partially antagonized by drug.
aureus, to survive in drug and drug may explain in part a shift from s.
pharmacokinetic evaluation of the drug-drug interaction.
drug is known to raise serum drug levels.
the pharmacokinetic variables for drug were determined after a 1.0 mg intravenous dose of drug in each subject, before and after oral other drug, 400 mg daily for 3 weeks.
the pharmacokinetic variables for drug were determined after a 1.0 mg intravenous dose of drug in each subject, before and after oral drug, 400 mg daily for 3 weeks.
the pharmacokinetic variables for other drug were determined after a 1.0 mg intravenous dose of other drug in each subject, before and after oral drug, 400 mg daily for 3 weeks.
during drug administration, systemic clearance of drug was reduced from 234 +/- 72 ml/min (mean +/- standard deviation) to 172 +/- 33 ml/min (p less than 0.01).
drug caused a three- to fivefold increase in serum reverse triiodothyronine levels, but changes in thyroid function were not quantitatively related to the changes in drug pharmacokinetics.
these alterations in drug pharmacokinetics produced by drug explain the increase in serum drug level that has been observed when this drug combination has been used clinically.
these alterations in drug pharmacokinetics produced by other drug explain the increase in serum drug level that has been observed when this drug combination has been used clinically.
these alterations in other drug pharmacokinetics produced by drug explain the increase in serum other drug level that has been observed when this drug combination has been used clinically.
drug protects mouse tumour and normal tissues from the toxicity of oral drug.
because the drug drug is given exclusively by the oral route in man, we have carried out studies in mice on the antitumour activity, acute toxicity and pharmacokinetics of oral drug, either alone or in combination with the chemosensitizer other drug.
because the drug other drug is given exclusively by the oral route in man, we have carried out studies in mice on the antitumour activity, acute toxicity and pharmacokinetics of oral other drug, either alone or in combination with the chemosensitizer other drug.
because the drug other drug is given exclusively by the oral route in man, we have carried out studies in mice on the antitumour activity, acute toxicity and pharmacokinetics of oral other drug, either alone or in combination with the chemosensitizer drug.
because the other drug drug is given exclusively by the oral route in man, we have carried out studies in mice on the antitumour activity, acute toxicity and pharmacokinetics of oral drug, either alone or in combination with the chemosensitizer other drug.
because the other drug drug is given exclusively by the oral route in man, we have carried out studies in mice on the antitumour activity, acute toxicity and pharmacokinetics of oral drug, either alone or in combination with the chemosensitizer drug.
because the other drug other drug is given exclusively by the oral route in man, we have carried out studies in mice on the antitumour activity, acute toxicity and pharmacokinetics of oral other drug, either alone or in combination with the chemosensitizer drug.
drug reduced the antitumour activity of oral drug by dose modifying factors (dmf) of 0.58-0.71.
drug has a complex effect on oral drug pharmacokinetics.
we propose these pharmacokinetic changes to be the underlying mechanism for the reduction of oral drug cytotoxicity by drug.
enhanced drug clearance secondary to drug therapy.
this report describes two cases in which drug clearance accelerated markedly with concomitant drug administration.
with combined use, clinicians should be aware, when drug is added, of the potential for reexacerbation of pulmonary symptomatology due to lowered serum drug concentrations.
the behavioral effects of the stereoisomers of drug (drug) were compared with those of other drug (other drug) in pigeons and squirrel monkeys responding under a multiple fixed-interval fixed-ratio (fi fr) schedule of food presentation.
the behavioral effects of the stereoisomers of drug (other drug) were compared with those of drug (other drug) in pigeons and squirrel monkeys responding under a multiple fixed-interval fixed-ratio (fi fr) schedule of food presentation.
the behavioral effects of the stereoisomers of drug (other drug) were compared with those of other drug (drug) in pigeons and squirrel monkeys responding under a multiple fixed-interval fixed-ratio (fi fr) schedule of food presentation.
the behavioral effects of the stereoisomers of other drug (drug) were compared with those of drug (other drug) in pigeons and squirrel monkeys responding under a multiple fixed-interval fixed-ratio (fi fr) schedule of food presentation.
the behavioral effects of the stereoisomers of other drug (drug) were compared with those of other drug (drug) in pigeons and squirrel monkeys responding under a multiple fixed-interval fixed-ratio (fi fr) schedule of food presentation.
the behavioral effects of the stereoisomers of other drug (other drug) were compared with those of drug (drug) in pigeons and squirrel monkeys responding under a multiple fixed-interval fixed-ratio (fi fr) schedule of food presentation.
intermediate doses of drug or drug produced transient increases in fi responding in monkeys and sustained increases in fi responding in pigeons;
in monkeys, drug was about 10 times more potent than drug in decreasing responding, whereas in pigeons drug was about equipotent with drug.
in monkeys, drug was about 10 times more potent than other drug in decreasing responding, whereas in pigeons drug was about equipotent with other drug.
in monkeys, drug was about 10 times more potent than other drug in decreasing responding, whereas in pigeons drug was about equipotent with other drug.
in monkeys, other drug was about 10 times more potent than drug in decreasing responding, whereas in pigeons other drug was about equipotent with drug.
in monkeys, other drug was about 10 times more potent than drug in decreasing responding, whereas in pigeons other drug was about equipotent with drug.
in monkeys, other drug was about 10 times more potent than other drug in decreasing responding, whereas in pigeons other drug was about equipotent with other drug.
in both species, drug, but not drug, antagonized the rate-decreasing effects of other drug on fi and fr responding.
in both species, drug, but not other drug, antagonized the rate-decreasing effects of drug on fi and fr responding.
in both species, other drug, but not drug, antagonized the rate-decreasing effects of drug on fi and fr responding.
in monkeys, the effects of drug, but not drug or other drug, were antagonized by other drug;
in monkeys, the effects of drug, but not other drug or drug, were antagonized by other drug;
in monkeys, the effects of drug, but not other drug or other drug, were antagonized by drug;
in monkeys, the effects of other drug, but not drug or drug, were antagonized by other drug;
in monkeys, the effects of other drug, but not drug or other drug, were antagonized by drug;
in monkeys, the effects of other drug, but not other drug or drug, were antagonized by drug;
the doses of drug required to antagonize the effects of drug were more than 100 times higher than those required to antagonize the effects of other drug.
the doses of drug required to antagonize the effects of other drug were more than 100 times higher than those required to antagonize the effects of drug.
the doses of other drug required to antagonize the effects of drug were more than 100 times higher than those required to antagonize the effects of drug.
in pigeons, drug did not systematically alter the effects of drug, other drug or other drug.
in pigeons, drug did not systematically alter the effects of other drug, drug or other drug.
in pigeons, drug did not systematically alter the effects of other drug, other drug or drug.
in pigeons, other drug did not systematically alter the effects of drug, drug or other drug.
in pigeons, other drug did not systematically alter the effects of drug, other drug or drug.
in pigeons, other drug did not systematically alter the effects of other drug, drug or drug.
drug reduced or eliminated the increases in fi responding produced by intermediate doses of either drug or other drug in pigeons, but did not antagonize the decreases in fi or fr responding produced by high doses of other drug or either stereoisomer of other drug.
drug reduced or eliminated the increases in fi responding produced by intermediate doses of either other drug or drug in pigeons, but did not antagonize the decreases in fi or fr responding produced by high doses of drug or either stereoisomer of other drug.
drug reduced or eliminated the increases in fi responding produced by intermediate doses of either other drug or other drug in pigeons, but did not antagonize the decreases in fi or fr responding produced by high doses of other drug or either stereoisomer of drug.
other drug reduced or eliminated the increases in fi responding produced by intermediate doses of either drug or drug in pigeons, but did not antagonize the decreases in fi or fr responding produced by high doses of drug or either stereoisomer of other drug.
other drug reduced or eliminated the increases in fi responding produced by intermediate doses of either drug or other drug in pigeons, but did not antagonize the decreases in fi or fr responding produced by high doses of other drug or either stereoisomer of drug.
other drug reduced or eliminated the increases in fi responding produced by intermediate doses of either other drug or drug in pigeons, but did not antagonize the decreases in fi or fr responding produced by high doses of drug or either stereoisomer of drug.
increased hepatotoxicity of drug by concomitant administration of drug in the rat.
since drug is frequently co-administered with drug, it is of clinical interest to study the effect of drug on the hepatotoxicity of drug.
since drug is frequently co-administered with other drug, it is of clinical interest to study the effect of drug on the hepatotoxicity of other drug.
since drug is frequently co-administered with other drug, it is of clinical interest to study the effect of drug on the hepatotoxicity of other drug.
since other drug is frequently co-administered with drug, it is of clinical interest to study the effect of other drug on the hepatotoxicity of drug.
since other drug is frequently co-administered with drug, it is of clinical interest to study the effect of other drug on the hepatotoxicity of drug.
since other drug is frequently co-administered with other drug, it is of clinical interest to study the effect of other drug on the hepatotoxicity of other drug.
careful observations on hepatotoxicity are suggested when drug is prescribed with drug.
high-dose drug with drug protection.
drug is a neutralizing agent for drug that protects against renal damage.
to determine whether injection of drug would permit larger doses of drug to be administered, a fixed 9.9-g/m2 dose of drug was given intravenously over three hours concurrently with escalating doses of drug.
to determine whether injection of drug would permit larger doses of other drug to be administered, a fixed 9.9-g/m2 dose of drug was given intravenously over three hours concurrently with escalating doses of other drug.
to determine whether injection of drug would permit larger doses of other drug to be administered, a fixed 9.9-g/m2 dose of drug was given intravenously over three hours concurrently with escalating doses of other drug.
to determine whether injection of other drug would permit larger doses of drug to be administered, a fixed 9.9-g/m2 dose of other drug was given intravenously over three hours concurrently with escalating doses of drug.
to determine whether injection of other drug would permit larger doses of drug to be administered, a fixed 9.9-g/m2 dose of other drug was given intravenously over three hours concurrently with escalating doses of drug.
to determine whether injection of other drug would permit larger doses of other drug to be administered, a fixed 9.9-g/m2 dose of other drug was given intravenously over three hours concurrently with escalating doses of other drug.
drug was administered over the last two hours of the drug infusion.
comparison of drug pharmacokinetics in patients treated with 202.5 mg/m2 plus drug to those in patients treated with 100 mg/m2 without drug indicated that there were no changes in the elimination rate constant, volume of distribution, or total body clearance of drug.
comparison of drug pharmacokinetics in patients treated with 202.5 mg/m2 plus other drug to those in patients treated with 100 mg/m2 without other drug indicated that there were no changes in the elimination rate constant, volume of distribution, or total body clearance of drug.
comparison of drug pharmacokinetics in patients treated with 202.5 mg/m2 plus other drug to those in patients treated with 100 mg/m2 without other drug indicated that there were no changes in the elimination rate constant, volume of distribution, or total body clearance of drug.
comparison of other drug pharmacokinetics in patients treated with 202.5 mg/m2 plus drug to those in patients treated with 100 mg/m2 without drug indicated that there were no changes in the elimination rate constant, volume of distribution, or total body clearance of other drug.
comparison of other drug pharmacokinetics in patients treated with 202.5 mg/m2 plus drug to those in patients treated with 100 mg/m2 without drug indicated that there were no changes in the elimination rate constant, volume of distribution, or total body clearance of other drug.
comparison of other drug pharmacokinetics in patients treated with 202.5 mg/m2 plus other drug to those in patients treated with 100 mg/m2 without other drug indicated that there were no changes in the elimination rate constant, volume of distribution, or total body clearance of other drug.
this study demonstrates that concurrent administration of drug permits at least a twofold increase in dose and total exposure to drug.
repeated oral administration of drug in sheep: interactions of drug with other drug, other drug, and other drug.
repeated oral administration of drug in sheep: interactions of drug with drug, other drug, and other drug.
repeated oral administration of drug in sheep: interactions of drug with other drug, drug, and other drug.
repeated oral administration of drug in sheep: interactions of drug with other drug, other drug, and drug.
repeated oral administration of other drug in sheep: interactions of other drug with drug, other drug, and other drug.
repeated oral administration of other drug in sheep: interactions of other drug with other drug, drug, and other drug.
repeated oral administration of other drug in sheep: interactions of other drug with other drug, other drug, and drug.
repeated oral administration of other drug in sheep: interactions of other drug with drug, drug, and other drug.
repeated oral administration of other drug in sheep: interactions of other drug with drug, other drug, and drug.
repeated oral administration of other drug in sheep: interactions of other drug with other drug, drug, and drug.
interactions between treatments with drug, drug (an other drug), other drug (an other drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with drug, other drug (an drug), other drug (an other drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with drug, other drug (an other drug), drug (an other drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with drug, other drug (an other drug), other drug (an drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with drug, other drug (an other drug), other drug (an other drug), and drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, drug (an drug), other drug (an other drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, drug (an other drug), drug (an other drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, drug (an other drug), other drug (an drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, drug (an other drug), other drug (an other drug), and drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, other drug (an drug), drug (an other drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, other drug (an drug), other drug (an drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, other drug (an drug), other drug (an other drug), and drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, other drug (an other drug), drug (an drug), and other drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, other drug (an other drug), drug (an other drug), and drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
interactions between treatments with other drug, other drug (an other drug), other drug (an drug), and drug (an inducer of microsomal enzymes) were investigated in sheep.
a daily dose of 2 mg of drug/kg of body weight for 6 days did not affect the plasma enzymes or the antiprothrombinemic effect of drug in wethers.
the treatment of ewes with an intravenous (iv) injection of drug, insufficient to produce significant inhibition of erythrocyte acetylcholinesterase (ache) activity, appeared to produce additive effects with those produced by subsequent treatment with 4 mg of drug/kg/day.
in ewes given 40 mg of drug/kg for 5 days intraperitoneally (ip), the anticholinesterase effect of 4 mg of drug/kg was significantly reduced and signs of toxicity were not present.
failure of drug to modify drug induced hypertension in sheep.
studies in rats have shown that drug administration attenuates certain types of drug dependent hypertension, including other drug hypertension.
studies in rats have shown that drug administration attenuates certain types of other drug dependent hypertension, including drug hypertension.
studies in rats have shown that other drug administration attenuates certain types of drug dependent hypertension, including drug hypertension.
the effects of oral drug on drug induced hypertension were examined in conscious sheep.
drug has no effect on the blood pressure or metabolic responses to drug in sheep.
changes in urinary homocysteine following drug and progestogen administration to rats.
the present work involved the administration of both drug and drug to groups of rats, followed by determination of the homocysteine excretion rate in urine.
the results indicate that a statistically significant difference exists between the excreted levels of homocysteine in the urine of both control and drug-treated rats and the levels shown by rats treated with drug.
thirty male rats of the fischer-344 strain were divided into three equal groups and were given injections of drug (drug) (8.0 or 17.0 mg/kg/ml sc) or the saline vehicle.
the 20% v/v solution of drug was prepared in water from a stock solution of 95% drug.
these results suggest that exposure to environmental drug may alter the biological and behavioral responsiveness of an animal to drug.
since photic evoked potential components are representations of neural pathways which are activated during photic stimulation, study of the effects of drug on these components may help to trace pathways which are affected by drug.
in the present study, evoked potentials were recorded at 5, 20, and 40 min following ip injections of saline, drug (2.0 g/kg), drug (0.6 mg/kg) or other drug (15.0 mg/kg) on separate days.
in the present study, evoked potentials were recorded at 5, 20, and 40 min following ip injections of saline, drug (2.0 g/kg), other drug (0.6 mg/kg) or drug (15.0 mg/kg) on separate days.
in the present study, evoked potentials were recorded at 5, 20, and 40 min following ip injections of saline, other drug (2.0 g/kg), drug (0.6 mg/kg) or drug (15.0 mg/kg) on separate days.
drug pretreatment augmented the depressant effect of drug on the early components p1 and n1, while attenuating drug's influence on components p2 and p3.
drug pretreatment augmented the depressant effect of other drug on the early components p1 and n1, while attenuating other drug's influence on components p2 and p3.
other drug pretreatment augmented the depressant effect of drug on the early components p1 and n1, while attenuating drug's influence on components p2 and p3.
drug, either alone or in combination with drug, produced approximately the same degree of enhancement of component p2.
hypothermia as an index of the drug-drug reaction in the rat.
decreased core temperature in female rats was investigated as one possible index of the drug-drug reaction (der).
core temperature was decreased in rats in a dose-dependent manner when drug was administered to rats treated with drug 8 hours before the drug challenge.
core temperature was decreased in rats in a dose-dependent manner when drug was administered to rats treated with other drug 8 hours before the drug challenge.
core temperature was decreased in rats in a dose-dependent manner when other drug was administered to rats treated with drug 8 hours before the other drug challenge.
the decrease in temperature began within 20 minutes after drug administration, reaching a maximal decrease between 60 and 120 minutes post drug.
maximal hypotension was found 120 minutes post drug, and returned to normal 300 minutes after drug.
interaction on the antinociceptive effect between drug and drug or other drug.
interaction on the antinociceptive effect between drug and other drug or drug.
interaction on the antinociceptive effect between other drug and drug or drug.
the aim of this paper was to study the interaction between drug and both drug or its synthetic analogue other drug, or other drug, on the antinonciceptive effect of these peptides in mice after intracisternal injection.
the aim of this paper was to study the interaction between drug and both other drug or its synthetic analogue drug, or other drug, on the antinonciceptive effect of these peptides in mice after intracisternal injection.
the aim of this paper was to study the interaction between drug and both other drug or its synthetic analogue other drug, or drug, on the antinonciceptive effect of these peptides in mice after intracisternal injection.
the aim of this paper was to study the interaction between other drug and both drug or its synthetic analogue drug, or other drug, on the antinonciceptive effect of these peptides in mice after intracisternal injection.
the aim of this paper was to study the interaction between other drug and both drug or its synthetic analogue other drug, or drug, on the antinonciceptive effect of these peptides in mice after intracisternal injection.
the aim of this paper was to study the interaction between other drug and both other drug or its synthetic analogue drug, or drug, on the antinonciceptive effect of these peptides in mice after intracisternal injection.
it was shown that drug antagonized evidently the antinociceptive effect of drug and their analogue.
on the contrary, drug and drug were agonists in induction of analgesia.
it is concluded that drug modulates in an opposite way the function of the enkephalinergic neurons and the central action of drug.
among the risk factors studied, two appear to increase the risk of are: the prescription of drug to treat strongyloidiasis during the drug cure and the bad general clinical conditions of patients.
recommendations were to avoid administration of diffusible drug treatment during the cure, and to improve the general conditions of patients before the cure of drug.
interactions of drug and drug in absorption and retention.
the efother drugcts of supplementary oral drug and drug, as well as the interaction between both at the absorption site, other drugcal and urinary excretion as well as the retention of these trace elements were determined by using four diets other drugntaining either 9 or 63 micrograms/kg of other drug and 48 or 446 mg/kg of other drug over a period of 19 days in a total of 24 rats.
the efother drugcts of supplementary oral drug and other drug, as well as the interaction between both at the absorption site, other drugcal and urinary excretion as well as the retention of these trace elements were determined by using four diets drugntaining either 9 or 63 micrograms/kg of drug and 48 or 446 mg/kg of other drug over a period of 19 days in a total of 24 rats.
the efdrugcts of supplementary oral drug and other drug, as well as the interaction between both at the absorption site, drugcal and urinary excretion as well as the retention of these trace elements were determined by using four diets other drugntaining either 9 or 63 micrograms/kg of other drug and 48 or 446 mg/kg of drug over a period of 19 days in a total of 24 rats.
the efother drugcts of supplementary oral other drug and drug, as well as the interaction between both at the absorption site, other drugcal and urinary excretion as well as the retention of these trace elements were determined by using four diets drugntaining either 9 or 63 micrograms/kg of drug and 48 or 446 mg/kg of other drug over a period of 19 days in a total of 24 rats.
the efdrugcts of supplementary oral other drug and drug, as well as the interaction between both at the absorption site, drugcal and urinary excretion as well as the retention of these trace elements were determined by using four diets other drugntaining either 9 or 63 micrograms/kg of other drug and 48 or 446 mg/kg of drug over a period of 19 days in a total of 24 rats.
the efdrugcts of supplementary oral other drug and other drug, as well as the interaction between both at the absorption site, drugcal and urinary excretion as well as the retention of these trace elements were determined by using four diets drugntaining either 9 or 63 micrograms/kg of drug and 48 or 446 mg/kg of drug over a period of 19 days in a total of 24 rats.
drug excretion was enhanced by supplementary drug;
additional drug significantly inhibited the absorption of drug in both dietary drug treatments.
additional drug significantly inhibited the absorption of other drug in both dietary other drug treatments.
additional other drug significantly inhibited the absorption of drug in both dietary drug treatments.
the lower rate of absorption in the groups receiving 446 mg drug instead of 48 mg of drug per kg diet resulted in a decreased renal excretion of other drug.
the lower rate of absorption in the groups receiving 446 mg drug instead of 48 mg of drug per kg diet resulted in a decreased renal excretion of drug.
the lower rate of absorption in the groups receiving 446 mg other drug instead of 48 mg of other drug per kg diet resulted in a decreased renal excretion of drug.
consequently, the effect of drug on the retention of drug was lower than on absorption.
because of the low dietary drug concentration as compared to the drug contents of the diets, no effect of drug on drug absorption and excretion occurred.
because of the low dietary drug concentration as compared to the other drug contents of the diets, no effect of drug on other drug absorption and excretion occurred.
because of the low dietary drug concentration as compared to the other drug contents of the diets, no effect of drug on other drug absorption and excretion occurred.
because of the low dietary other drug concentration as compared to the drug contents of the diets, no effect of other drug on drug absorption and excretion occurred.
because of the low dietary other drug concentration as compared to the drug contents of the diets, no effect of other drug on drug absorption and excretion occurred.
because of the low dietary other drug concentration as compared to the other drug contents of the diets, no effect of other drug on other drug absorption and excretion occurred.
difdrugrences in drug balance were only observed between both dietary concentrations, showing a higher absolute but a lower relative absorption as well as retention in the groups drugd further drug.(abstract truncated at 250 words)
effect of drug on drug-induced changes in steroid hormone levels and lethality in male rats.
we examined the effect of exogenous drug on the changes in serum steroid hormone levels induced by a nonlethal dose of escherichia coli drug in male rats and the deaths due to nonlethal and lethal doses of drug.
we examined the effect of exogenous drug on the changes in serum steroid hormone levels induced by a nonlethal dose of escherichia coli other drug in male rats and the deaths due to nonlethal and lethal doses of other drug.
we examined the effect of exogenous other drug on the changes in serum steroid hormone levels induced by a nonlethal dose of escherichia coli drug in male rats and the deaths due to nonlethal and lethal doses of drug.
injection of drug 5 min before a nonlethal dose of drug changed the serum sex steroid hormone response of male rats to drug.
injection of drug 5 min before a nonlethal dose of other drug changed the serum sex steroid hormone response of male rats to other drug.
injection of other drug 5 min before a nonlethal dose of drug changed the serum sex steroid hormone response of male rats to drug.
the serum estrogen concentrations of drug + drug-treated rats decreased by 50%, while those of the drug-treated rats increased (2- to 5-fold).
the serum estrogen concentrations of drug + other drug-treated rats decreased by 50%, while those of the other drug-treated rats increased (2- to 5-fold).
the serum estrogen concentrations of other drug + drug-treated rats decreased by 50%, while those of the drug-treated rats increased (2- to 5-fold).
the serum androgen concentrations of drug + drug-treated rats did not change significantly, while those of drug-treated rats dropped to 30-40%
the serum androgen concentrations of drug + other drug-treated rats did not change significantly, while those of other drug-treated rats dropped to 30-40%
the serum androgen concentrations of other drug + drug-treated rats did not change significantly, while those of drug-treated rats dropped to 30-40%
exogenous drug also appeared to influence the percentage of drug-induced deaths in a dose-dependent manner.
these results, together with the known relationships between drug and the immune response, suggest that drugs affect the course of septic shock in a complex fashion and may have either protective or deleterious effect.
the drug (drug)-induced diarrhea was analyzed in cecectomized rats prepared by resecting the cecum and its vasculature without disturbing the ileocecal junction.
on the other hand, the enhanced secretion of colonic fluid by drug, given intraluminally, was only half of that in control rats, whereas the colonic transit-enhancing effect of drug in cecectomized rats was more pronounced than in control rats at 15 but not at 30 min after its administration.
drug and drug (0.1 and 1.0 mg/kg, s.c.)
drug and drug (0.1 and 1.0 mg/kg, s.c.) inhibited the other drug (0.3 mg/kg, p.o.)-induced diarrhea in cecectomized rats.
drug and other drug (0.1 and 1.0 mg/kg, s.c.) inhibited the drug (0.3 mg/kg, p.o.)-induced diarrhea in cecectomized rats.
other drug and drug (0.1 and 1.0 mg/kg, s.c.) inhibited the drug (0.3 mg/kg, p.o.)-induced diarrhea in cecectomized rats.
drug (5 mg/kg, s.c.) completely antagonized the inhibitory effect of drug and partly antagonized the effect of other drug.
drug (5 mg/kg, s.c.) completely antagonized the inhibitory effect of other drug and partly antagonized the effect of drug.
other drug (5 mg/kg, s.c.) completely antagonized the inhibitory effect of drug and partly antagonized the effect of drug.
therapeutic drug monitoring can avoid iatrogenic alterations caused by drug (mdp)-drug interaction.
drug is an drug used to treat a wide variety of infections caused by gram-negative organisms, but it is potentially toxic to the kidneys.
due to its nephrotoxicity, drug may cause abnormal renal uptake to be seen on drug bone scintigraphy.
therapeutic drug monitoring (tdm) of drug therapy, and bone scintigraphy employing drug as the other drug was carried out in 22 patients.
therapeutic drug monitoring (tdm) of drug therapy, and bone scintigraphy employing other drug as the drug was carried out in 22 patients.
therapeutic drug monitoring (tdm) of other drug therapy, and bone scintigraphy employing drug as the drug was carried out in 22 patients.
the data presented here demonstrate that with serial pharmacokinetic dosing of drug, the iatrogenic alteration caused by drug therapy can be avoided.
this article looks at five commonly used drug in turn (drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used drug in turn (other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used drug in turn (other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used drug in turn (other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used drug in turn (other drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (drug, drug, other drug, other drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (drug, other drug, drug, other drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (drug, other drug, other drug, drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (drug, other drug, other drug, other drug, drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (other drug, drug, drug, other drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (other drug, drug, other drug, drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (other drug, drug, other drug, other drug, drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (other drug, other drug, drug, drug, other drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (other drug, other drug, drug, other drug, drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
this article looks at five commonly used other drug in turn (other drug, other drug, other drug, drug, drug), discussing the main, non-infection, unwanted effects, ways to avoid them and what to do if problems arise.
little has been studied of the adverse effects of the exposure of the liver to the interaction of drug with its congeners and drug, coexisting in the contents of alcoholic beverages.
two groups (sh/da; sh/fa) were submitted to daily treatment with synthetic hydroalcoholic solutions containing drug, mdrug, higher other drug and other drug in the same proportions as those found in most common distilled and fermented alcoholic beverages;
two groups (sh/da; sh/fa) were submitted to daily treatment with synthetic hydroalcoholic solutions containing drug, mdrug, higher drug and other drug in the same proportions as those found in most common distilled and fermented alcoholic beverages;
two groups (sh/da; sh/fa) were submitted to daily treatment with synthetic hydroalcoholic solutions containing drug, mdrug, higher other drug and drug in the same proportions as those found in most common distilled and fermented alcoholic beverages;
two groups (sh/da; sh/fa) were submitted to daily treatment with synthetic hydroalcoholic solutions containing other drug, mother drug, higher drug and other drug in the same proportions as those found in most common distilled and fermented alcoholic beverages;
two groups (sh/da; sh/fa) were submitted to daily treatment with synthetic hydroalcoholic solutions containing other drug, mother drug, higher other drug and drug in the same proportions as those found in most common distilled and fermented alcoholic beverages;
two groups (sh/da; sh/fa) were submitted to daily treatment with synthetic hydroalcoholic solutions containing other drug, mother drug, higher drug and drug in the same proportions as those found in most common distilled and fermented alcoholic beverages;
these results suggest that the hepatoxicity of drug in alcoholic beverages is enhanced by interaction with its congeners and drug;
induction of apoptosis in breast cancer cells in response to drug and drug.
1,drug (drug), the active metabolite of other drug, is a potent inhibitor of breast cancer cell growth both in vivo and in vitro.
1,drug (other drug), the active metabolite of drug, is a potent inhibitor of breast cancer cell growth both in vivo and in vitro.
1,other drug (drug), the active metabolite of drug, is a potent inhibitor of breast cancer cell growth both in vivo and in vitro.
in the experiments reported here, we examined the interactions between drug and the drug other drug (other drug), which also induces apoptosis in mcf-7 cells.
in the experiments reported here, we examined the interactions between drug and the other drug drug (other drug), which also induces apoptosis in mcf-7 cells.
in the experiments reported here, we examined the interactions between drug and the other drug other drug (drug), which also induces apoptosis in mcf-7 cells.
in the experiments reported here, we examined the interactions between other drug and the drug drug (other drug), which also induces apoptosis in mcf-7 cells.
in the experiments reported here, we examined the interactions between other drug and the drug other drug (drug), which also induces apoptosis in mcf-7 cells.
in the experiments reported here, we examined the interactions between other drug and the other drug drug (drug), which also induces apoptosis in mcf-7 cells.
our data suggest that drug significantly potentiates the reduction in cell number induced by drug alone.
combined treatment with drug and drug enhances the degree of apoptosis assessed using morphological markers that identify chromatin and nuclear matrix protein condensation.
these data emphasize that apoptosis can be induced in mcf-7 cells either by activation of drug-mediated signalling or disruption of drug-dependent signalling.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, drug, drug, 8-phenyldrug, and other drug (other drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, drug, other drug, 8-phenylother drug, and other drug (other drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, drug, other drug, 8-phenylother drug, and drug (other drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, drug, other drug, 8-phenylother drug, and other drug (drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, other drug, drug, 8-phenyldrug, and other drug (other drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, other drug, drug, 8-phenyldrug, and drug (other drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, other drug, drug, 8-phenyldrug, and other drug (drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, other drug, other drug, 8-phenylother drug, and drug (other drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, other drug, other drug, 8-phenylother drug, and other drug (drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
we investigated the effects of adenosine receptor antagonists, other drug, other drug, 8-phenylother drug, and drug (drug), in a light/dark test in mice.
the anxiogenic effects of drug were reduced by pretreatment with drug, an a2-selective agonist, but not by other drug (other drug), an a1-selective agonist.
the anxiogenic effects of drug were reduced by pretreatment with other drug, an a2-selective agonist, but not by drug (other drug), an a1-selective agonist.
the anxiogenic effects of drug were reduced by pretreatment with other drug, an a2-selective agonist, but not by other drug (drug), an a1-selective agonist.
the anxiogenic effects of other drug were reduced by pretreatment with drug, an a2-selective agonist, but not by drug (other drug), an a1-selective agonist.
the anxiogenic effects of other drug were reduced by pretreatment with drug, an a2-selective agonist, but not by other drug (drug), an a1-selective agonist.
the anxiogenic effects of other drug were reduced by pretreatment with other drug, an a2-selective agonist, but not by drug (drug), an a1-selective agonist.
however, the antagonism of the drug-induced anxiogenic effects by drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and other drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by other drug nor by other drug.
however, the antagonism of the drug-induced anxiogenic effects by other drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by other drug nor by other drug.
however, the antagonism of the drug-induced anxiogenic effects by other drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and other drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by drug nor by other drug.
however, the antagonism of the drug-induced anxiogenic effects by other drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and other drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by other drug nor by drug.
however, the antagonism of the other drug-induced anxiogenic effects by drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by other drug nor by other drug.
however, the antagonism of the other drug-induced anxiogenic effects by drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and other drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by drug nor by other drug.
however, the antagonism of the other drug-induced anxiogenic effects by drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and other drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by other drug nor by drug.
however, the antagonism of the other drug-induced anxiogenic effects by other drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by drug nor by other drug.
however, the antagonism of the other drug-induced anxiogenic effects by other drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by other drug nor by drug.
however, the antagonism of the other drug-induced anxiogenic effects by other drug was only observed in the time spent in the light zone, and other drug-induced anxiogenic effects were neither reversed by drug nor by drug.
[the effect of drug on the activity of mixed-function mono-oxidases in the liver microsomes] the effects of the drug--the drug drug--on hepatic microsomal monooxygenase activities were studied.
[the effect of drug on the activity of mixed-function mono-oxidases in the liver microsomes] the effects of the other drug--the drug drug--on hepatic microsomal monooxygenase activities were studied.
[the effect of other drug on the activity of mixed-function mono-oxidases in the liver microsomes] the effects of the drug--the drug other drug--on hepatic microsomal monooxygenase activities were studied.
[the effect of drug on the renal excretion of drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of drug on the renal excretion of other drug and drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of drug on the renal excretion of other drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of drug on the renal excretion of other drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of drug on the renal excretion of other drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of drug and drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced druge and drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of other drug and drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of other drug and drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of other drug and drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of other drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of other drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
[the effect of other drug on the renal excretion of other drug and other drug in dogs] the intravenous injection of other drug in a dose of 20 mg/kg enhanced other druge and other drug excretion in chronic canine experiments.
the higher drug and drug excretion was due to their increased renal tubular secretion.
in dogs, drug unchanged the secretion of drug, a test agent for anionic transport.
possible extrarenal mechanisms of action of drug on drug and other drug transport were also examined.
possible extrarenal mechanisms of action of drug on other drug and drug transport were also examined.
possible extrarenal mechanisms of action of other drug on drug and drug transport were also examined.
two different types of therapy with drug are used: physiological oral drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the drug intake and pharmacological drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic drug overload.
two different types of therapy with drug are used: physiological oral drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the drug intake and pharmacological drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic drug overload.
two different types of therapy with drug are used: physiological oral drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the drug intake and pharmacological drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic drug overload.
two different types of therapy with drug are used: physiological oral drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the drug intake and pharmacological drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic drug overload.
two different types of therapy with drug are used: physiological oral drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the drug intake and pharmacological drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
two different types of therapy with other drug are used: physiological oral other drug supplementation which is totally atoxic since it palliates other drug deficiencies by simply normalizing the other drug intake and pharmacological other drug therapy which may induce toxicity since it creates iatrogenic other drug overload.
primary and secondary drug deficiencies constitute the sole indication of physiological oral drug therapy.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of drug deficit and to discriminate between drug deficiency due to an insufficient drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of drug deficit and to discriminate between drug deficiency due to an insufficient drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of drug deficit and to discriminate between drug deficiency due to an insufficient drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of drug deficit and to discriminate between drug deficiency due to an insufficient drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of other drug deficit and to discriminate between other drug deficiency due to an insufficient other drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and other drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of other drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of other drug deficit and to discriminate between other drug deficiency due to an insufficient other drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and other drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of other drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of other drug deficit and to discriminate between other drug deficiency due to an insufficient other drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and other drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of other drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of other drug deficit and to discriminate between other drug deficiency due to an insufficient other drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and other drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of other drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of other drug deficit and to discriminate between other drug deficiency due to an insufficient other drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and other drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of other drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
it is therefore necessary to be well acquainted with the clinical and paraclinical pattern of other drug deficit and to discriminate between other drug deficiency due to an insufficient other drug intake which only requires oral physiological supplementation and other drug depletion related to a dysregulation of the control mechanisms of other drug status which requires more or less specific regulation of its causal dysregulation.
physiological oral drug load constitutes the best tool for diagnosis of drug deficiency and the first step of its treatment.
physiological oral drug supplementation (5 mg/kg/day) is easy and can be carried out in the diet or with drug salts, with practically only one contra-indication: overt renal failure.
specific and aspecific treatments of drug depletion are tricky using for example drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of other drug, physiological doses of other drug and of other drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of drug depletion are tricky using for example drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of drug, physiological doses of other drug and of other drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of drug depletion are tricky using for example drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of other drug, physiological doses of drug and of other drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of drug depletion are tricky using for example drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of other drug, physiological doses of other drug and of drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of other drug depletion are tricky using for example other drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of drug, physiological doses of other drug and of other drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of other drug depletion are tricky using for example other drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of other drug, physiological doses of drug and of other drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of other drug depletion are tricky using for example other drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of other drug, physiological doses of other drug and of drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of other drug depletion are tricky using for example other drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of drug, physiological doses of drug and of other drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of other drug depletion are tricky using for example other drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of drug, physiological doses of other drug and of drug.
specific and aspecific treatments of other drug depletion are tricky using for example other drug sparing diuretics, pharmacological doses of other drug, physiological doses of drug and of drug.
there are 3 types of indications: specific (for the treatment of some forms of drug deficit i.e. acute), pharmacological (i.e. without alterations of drug status) and mixed--pharmacological and aetiopathogenic--(for example complications of chronic alcoholism).
lastly local use of the mucocutaneous and cytoprotective properties of drug is still valid, in drug and for preservation of transplants particularly.
interaction between drug and drug in the development of spontaneous motility in chick embryos.
the successive application of drug (5 or 10 mg/kg egg weight (e.w.) and drug (15 mg/kg e.w.) in a 10 min interval significantly increased the activation of spontaneous motility of 17-day-old chick embryos in comparison with the effect of drug alone.
the successive application of drug (5 or 10 mg/kg egg weight (e.w.) and other drug (15 mg/kg e.w.) in a 10 min interval significantly increased the activation of spontaneous motility of 17-day-old chick embryos in comparison with the effect of other drug alone.
the successive application of other drug (5 or 10 mg/kg egg weight (e.w.) and drug (15 mg/kg e.w.) in a 10 min interval significantly increased the activation of spontaneous motility of 17-day-old chick embryos in comparison with the effect of drug alone.
the ec50 values for drug, which is not a substrate for drug uptake-1, were reduced in myocardium in functional classes ii to iii and iv compared with those in nonfailing myocardium.
the uptake inhibitors drug and drug (3 mumol/liter) potentiated the positive inotropic effects of other drug in nonfailing myocardium (p < 0.05) but not in functional class iv myocardium.
the uptake inhibitors drug and other drug (3 mumol/liter) potentiated the positive inotropic effects of drug in nonfailing myocardium (p < 0.05) but not in functional class iv myocardium.
the uptake inhibitors other drug and drug (3 mumol/liter) potentiated the positive inotropic effects of drug in nonfailing myocardium (p < 0.05) but not in functional class iv myocardium.
radioligand binding experiments using the uptake inhibitor hydrogen-3 drug revealed a significant decrease by approximately 30% in drug uptake-1 carrier density in functional classes ii to iii and iv myocardium versus nonfailing myocardium (p < 0.05).
this defect in the failing heart can be mimicked by the effects of uptake blocking agents, such as drug and drug, in the nonfailing heart only.
compromised drug uptake-1 in functional class iv cannot be further increased by drug and other drug.
compromised drug uptake-1 in functional class iv cannot be further increased by other drug and drug.
compromised other drug uptake-1 in functional class iv cannot be further increased by drug and drug.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of drug 1 and drug 2 on other drug- and other drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of drug 1 and drug 2 on other drug- and other drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of drug 1 and drug 2 on drug- and other drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of drug 1 and drug 2 on other drug- and drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of other drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of other drug 1 and other drug 2 on other drug- and other drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of other drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of other drug 1 and other drug 2 on drug- and other drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of other drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of other drug 1 and other drug 2 on other drug- and drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of other drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of other drug 1 and other drug 2 on drug- and other drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of other drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of other drug 1 and other drug 2 on other drug- and drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
[a pharmacological analysis of the effect of other drug on stimulated gastric secretion] chronic experiments on dogs with gastric fistulas were carried out to study the influence of other drug 1 and other drug 2 on drug- and drug-induced gastric acid secretion.
it was established that both angiotensins inhibited gastric acid secretion stimulated by drug but not by drug.
comparative analysis of the effects of stimulation and inhibition of cholino- and adrenoreceptors on this inhibitory action of drug suggested the mediation of drug influence through the modulation of cholinergic reactions of parietal cells in the stomach.
interaction of drug and drug in anaesthetised horses.
evoked hind limb digital extensor tension (hoof twitch) was maintained at 40% of baseline for 1 h by drug infusion in 7 horses anaesthetised with drug.
drug was again given by infusion to maintain 40% twitch for a second hour, then 2 mg drug/kg bwt were given i.v.
recovery of hoof twitch from 50% to 75% took 7.7 +/- 0.7 min for drug alone and 11.5 +/- 2.7 min for drug plus other drug (p = 0.03).
recovery of hoof twitch from 50% to 75% took 7.7 +/- 0.7 min for drug alone and 11.5 +/- 2.7 min for drug plus drug (p = 0.03).
recovery of hoof twitch from 50% to 75% took 7.7 +/- 0.7 min for other drug alone and 11.5 +/- 2.7 min for other drug plus drug (p = 0.03).
recovery from 50% twitch to 75% fade recovery took 13.8 +/- 0.8 min for drug alone and 13.7 +/- 1.2 min for drug plus other drug.
recovery from 50% twitch to 75% fade recovery took 13.8 +/- 0.8 min for drug alone and 13.7 +/- 1.2 min for drug plus drug.
recovery from 50% twitch to 75% fade recovery took 13.8 +/- 0.8 min for other drug alone and 13.7 +/- 1.2 min for other drug plus drug.
at 75% recovery of fade, hoof twitch was 87 +/- 3% for drug alone and 82 +/- 4% for drug plus other drug.
at 75% recovery of fade, hoof twitch was 87 +/- 3% for drug alone and 82 +/- 4% for drug plus drug.
at 75% recovery of fade, hoof twitch was 87 +/- 3% for other drug alone and 82 +/- 4% for other drug plus drug.
it was concluded that, although drug did augment the neuromuscular blockade of drug, the effect was minimal.
acid-catalyzed drugysis of drug in anhydrous and aqueous drug solutions.
the drug are a family of drug and other drug.
the drug are a family of other drug and drug.
the other drug are a family of drug and drug.
in addition to this pharmacological interaction, this report describes a novel chemical reaction between drug (a drug) and other drug under acidic conditions similar to those found in vivo, resulting in a 3-ethoxylated product.
in addition to this pharmacological interaction, this report describes a novel chemical reaction between drug (a other drug) and drug under acidic conditions similar to those found in vivo, resulting in a 3-ethoxylated product.
in addition to this pharmacological interaction, this report describes a novel chemical reaction between other drug (a drug) and drug under acidic conditions similar to those found in vivo, resulting in a 3-ethoxylated product.
the results raise the possibility that the ethanolysis reaction may occur in the stomach of people who consume drug and drug on a regular basis.